    A coiled metal vial of cloudy blue fluid which transforms a living human or animal into a snake (python, requires 1d6 days).
    An asymmetric cyst of unknown substance which fires venomous darts (base chance 30%, damage 1d10 + potency 11, base range 100 yards). The weapon can be used only 5 times before it is depleted.
    This deep one device is a ridged spheroid of pulsating material which adheres itself to a user and enables them to see in all directions. Individuals who possess the device tend to avoid personal contact.
    This deep one armor is a spiny carapace which provides 7 points of armor against attacks. The armor is completely destroyed by an impale against its wearer.
    An enormous mass of needles inscribed with indecipherable markings, seemingly a weapon of yithian design. It fires a bolt of lightning (base chance 20%, damage 2d6, base range 80 yards). There is a 40% chance that the weapon is destroyed each time it is used.
    An angular cone of ethereal crystal which stores magical energy (50 points). Individuals who possess the crystal dream of a primordial, lifeless Earth.
    An angular ellipsoid of unknown substance inscribed with indecipherable markings, possibly a device of yithian creation. It creates a small stasis cube (duration chosen by user, cost 1 magic point per thousand years). The device is flawed, and causes its user to skip several seconds in time when it is used.
    This serpent people weapon is a metallic snarl of contorted tendrils which fires pellets of metal catalyst (base chance 20%, damage 1d8, base range 10 yards). On an impale, the catalyst enters the target's bloodstream and transmutes their own blood into a deadly poison (speed 1 minute, potency 17, causes convulsions, brain death). The weapon has a replaceable magazine of 5 projectiles.
    This elder thing device is a cubic frame of unknown substance which transforms a group of animals into a shoggoth (minimum combined animal Size 84, requires approximately 1 day, cost 18 magic points, Sanity loss 1d8/2d6). The device functions only when powered by a Crystal of the Elder Things.
    An enormous cluster of elongated tetrahedrons which creates a small stasis cube (duration chosen by user, cost 1 magic point per thousand years). The device requires two successful Electrical Repair rolls before it can be used.
        A metallic knot of contorted tendrils which can be used to cast Void Light. The device is flawed, and causes minor earthquakes when it is used.
    A metallic snarl of contorted tubes which can be used to cast Hands of Colubra. The device is damaged, and slowly poisons its user (cumulative potency 1 each time it is used).
    A shell of jagged plates, possibly an armor of deep one creation. It provides 11 points of armor against attacks. The armor is completely destroyed by an impale against its wearer.
    A crystalline mass of elongated octahedrons which awakens volcanic rifts and vents (requires 1d6 days, cost 32 magic points per square mile). The device functions only twice before burning out.
    A crystalline cluster of tetrahedrons which stores magical energy (35 points). The crystal is cold to the touch when first discovered.
    A bumpy ellipsoid of iridescent metal with a single row of buttons, possibly a device of serpent people creation. It can be used to cast Hands of Colubra. The device is coated with a paralytic poison (speed 1 minute, potency 13, paralysis lasts 1d6 hours) when first discovered.
    This elder thing device is an octahedral frame of dull metal which levitates and moves large objects (1 magic point per ton per hour). The device is cold to the touch when first discovered.
    An enormous fork of four elongated tetrahedrons which emits a narrow disintegration ray (base chance 25%, damage 1d10, base range 90 yards). The weapon requires two successful Electrical Repair rolls before it can be used.
    A convoluted spheroid of unknown substance with a single row of toggles, seemingly a device of shan design. It can be used to cast Dread Curse of Azathoth. The device requires a successful POW x1 roll to activate.
    A tapered metal vial of luminous fluid which causes lost limbs or organs to regenerate (requires 1d6 days, Sanity loss 1/1d3).
        A crystalline fork of four elongated tetrahedrons which opens a temporary portal to an alien dimension (remains open for 1d6 minutes, cost 16 magic points). The device functions only twice before exploding.
    An octahedral frame of dull metal which opens a temporary portal to an alien dimension (remains open for 1d6 minutes, cost 16 magic points). The device functions only when powered by a Crystal of the Elder Things.
    This deep one device is a scaly cluster of welded tubes which summons a floating sphere of tentacles (Strength 11, Grapple 50%, cost 1 magic point per round). Individuals who possess the device tend to avoid personal contact.
    This elder thing device is a faceted staff of blue crystal which awakens volcanic rifts and vents (requires approximately 1 day, cost 32 magic points per square mile). The device functions only once before exploding.
    A bumpy ellipsoid of pulsating material with a handle unsuited for human hands, possibly a device of deep one creation. It creates whirlpools and maelstroms (large enough to sink a large ship, cost 32 magic points). The device is flawed, and causes 1d6 points of damage to its user each time it is used.
    This serpent people weapon is a bumpy spheroid of unknown substance which fires poison gas grenades (base chance 25%, potency 16 / 10y, base range 90 yards). The weapon can be used only 8 times before it is depleted.
    This serpent people device is a convoluted spheroid of pitted metal which can be used to cast Pose Mundane. The device is coated with a deadly poison (speed 1 minute, potency 16, causes convulsions, brain death) when first discovered.
    A crystalline fork of three elongated tetrahedrons which can be used to cast Alter Weather. The device is flawed, and causes nearby electrical equipment to fail when it is used.
    This deep one device is an irregular mass of scaly material which creates and controls underwater currents (double swim speed, cost 1 magic point per hour). The device is encrusted with barnacles when first discovered.
    An octahedral frame of black metal which awakens volcanic rifts and vents (requires approximately 1 day, cost 32 magic points per square mile). The device is flawed, and causes 1d6 points of damage to its user each time it is used.
        A crystalline mass of elongated octahedrons inscribed with bizarre markings, possibly a device of elder thing creation. It can be used to cast Cause Disease. Individuals who possess the device become obsessed with the number five.
    A spiny carapace, possibly an armor of deep one creation. It provides 8 points of armor against attacks. Individuals who wear the armor dream of bizarre, sunken ruins.
    An irregular cyst of pulsating material inscribed with bizarre markings, seemingly a device of deep one design. It adheres itself to a user and enables them to see in all directions. Individuals who possess the device dream of bizarre, sunken ruins.
    A tetrahedral frame of blue crystal which stores magical energy (15 points). Individuals who possess the crystal develop red-irised eyes.
    A crystalline mass of elongated octahedrons which stores magical energy (40 points). The crystal is cool to the touch when first discovered.
    An irregular mass of prismatic crystal inlaid with a pattern of fine wires, possibly a weapon of shan creation. It fires solid acidic projectiles (base chance 25%, damage 1d10 + 1d4 acid per round, base range 30 yards). There is a 40% chance that the weapon is destroyed each time it is used.
    An angular ellipsoid of shimmering crystal with a single row of toggles, seemingly a device of yithian design. It creates a small stasis cube (duration 1 year, cost 1 magic point). The device requires two successful Electrical Repair rolls before it can be used.
    This serpent people device is a metallic cluster of welded bulges which can be used to cast Wither Limb. Individuals who possess the device develop fine scales over parts of their body.
    A metallic cluster of welded bulges with a single toggle, possibly a weapon of serpent people creation. It fires poison gas grenades (base chance 30%, potency 12 / 10y, base range 150 yards). The weapon has a replaceable magazine of 6 projectiles.
    This serpent people device is an irregular mass of luminous crystal which can be used to cast Bat Form. The device is damaged, and there is a 10% chance that it disintegrates when handled.
        An enormous fork of three elongated tetrahedrons which emits an invisible heat ray (base chance 30%, damage 1d10, base range 140 yards). The weapon can be used only 19 times before it is depleted.
    This yithian weapon is a segmented staff of unknown substance which emits a blast of invisible radiation (base chance 25%, damage 1d10, cone 50 yards long by half as wide). The weapon requires a successful INT x1 roll before it can be used.
    A segmented rod of iridescent metal inlaid with a web of fine wires, seemingly a weapon of yithian design. It fires a bolt of lightning (base chance 20%, damage 2d6, base range 110 yards). The weapon can be used only 10 times before it is depleted.
    An octahedral frame of iridescent metal inlaid with a pattern of fine wires, possibly a weapon of yithian creation. It emits a blast of invisible radiation (base chance 20%, damage 4d6, cone 50 yards long by half as wide). The weapon can be used only 10 times before it is depleted.
    An enormous fork of four elongated tetrahedrons with a handle unsuited for human hands, possibly a weapon of yithian creation. It emits an invisible heat ray (base chance 30%, damage 4d6, base range 70 yards). The weapon can be used only 12 times before it is depleted.
    An enormous mass of elongated tetrahedrons with a single toggle, possibly a weapon of yithian creation. It emits an invisible heat ray (base chance 30%, damage 2d6, base range 70 yards). There is a 50% chance that the weapon is destroyed each time it is used.
    An enormous fork of three elongated tetrahedrons with a single row of buttons, possibly a device of yithian creation. It creates a small stasis cube (duration chosen by user, cost 1 magic point per thousand years). The device functions only once per year.
    A faceted rod of unknown substance inlaid with a web of fine wires, seemingly a weapon of yithian design. It emits a blast of invisible radiation (base chance 25%, damage 4d6, sphere 10 yards in radius). There is a 10% chance that the weapon is destroyed each time it is used.
    This yithian weapon is an enormous cluster of tetrahedrons which emits a narrow disintegration ray (base chance 20%, damage 1d10, base range 100 yards). There is a 40% chance that the weapon is destroyed each time it is used.
    An enormous cluster of tetrahedrons with a single row of buttons, seemingly a device of yithian design. It amplifies gravity upon a flying creature (target must make a successful STR x1 roll or fall to the ground). The device requires two successful Electrical Repair rolls before it can be used.