In July 2005, three friends and I took a road trip to Canada. After taking three days in the states, we arrived at our destination, Vancouver B.C. We asked around town on where to pick up some marijuana and was directed to Hastings St. We walked down the street stopping in every head shop we came across. One shop we went into was selling various drugs we did not know one was able to purchase in Canada, including such things as Coca leaves, amanita muscaria, DMT, peyote, etc. One of the friends I was with bought some coca leaves, and his brother bought 700mg. of (peyote) mescaline alkaloids.

We went on our merry way enjoying the city and somebody's coca leaves, and eventually picked up a half an ounce of marijuana from the bouncer at the pub around the corner from the New Amsterdam. We left Vancouver that night and headed north becoming stranded in Whistler as our wheel from the truck we were in came off and dissapeared down the mountain freeway. After camping for four nights, the truck was repaired and two of us went into town to get the truck and wine/beer while the other two stayed to watch camp.

When the two arrived back, instead of buying wine/beer, they had picked up a bag of psilocybin cyanescens from some of the local residents. So we packed up our stuff,(regretably as we were camped on the most beautiful lake I have seen to date), and went to town. I bought two bottles of wine, a six pack, and two 40oz. We went to find another camping spot this time, which happened to be a dead-end dirt road just off of the highway, but still out of site to passing cars. We got out, set up camp, and began sampling the flavours of Canada's lovely wines and extravagent beers. This was now around 6pm on July 28th.

So we divied up the shrooms among three of us, the other opting out as he was to experience mescaline for the first time, having previously done shrooms several times. As for myself, the only psychedelic I had ever experienced was salvia divinorum. I ate the mushrooms, and having drank aprox. 12oz of beer decided to quit drinking. In about 15-20 minutes after ingesting the mushrooms, the first effects began to set in. I was aware of hightened sounds and colors with a feeling of euphoria and uncontrollable laughter coming at random times.

The feeling was similar to having smoked marijuana the first few times. The one of us who had mescaline had prepared it in a tea, and invited all of the group to 'taste this,' in which none of us turned down. By the time the second wave from the mushrooms was cresting, I was beginning to see rather strange apparitions floating about, random colors coming in and out of the ground and trees, and hearing people talk to me that weren't really talking to me. Mr. Mescaline then handed me the bottom of his tea and said, 'drink this' I asked, 'all of it' and he nodded in approval.

I was rather talkative, though I don't recall what I was talking about, and he changed his mind and said, 'give me that.' I stubbornly said, 'NO!' and not thinking, downed the remaining alkaloids in the bottom. 'There was a bunch of crap in your cup,' I said. He told me, 'yeah asshole, you just ate all the alkaloids.' This is when I realized what I had done. I ingested aprox. 350+mg of mescaline. My mood changed from exstatic euphoria, to anxiety and panic.

At this point, two of the group went down a trail to look for a river we knew was not too far from camp. Mr. Mescaline and I stayed behind to wait and see what the others found. He sat there unhappy about his decision of letting me have his tea, and I looked at paintings and drawings we all had contributed at various points on the road-trip. I drew a pencil drawing and sat around feeling somewhat relaxed, although there was a nagging feeling of, 'what now? nausea? puking?' I was now on my third peak, of which I didn't come down from for about 4 hours.

The mescaline had kicked in and I was feeling the effects. I was able to tell mood just by looking at Mr. Mescaline, and as I talked to him I could see that he was angry with himself but his mood would contantly change as he would focus on different things that he was doing. When I looked up, the clouds were changing color from the sunset, but I only saw what appeared to be colored foil rappidly morphing into each other. I could hear the sky talking to me, asking me questions but still not quite distinguishable in my mind.

The two of us left in camp decided to go to the river as the others had not yet returned. I watched Mr. M go down the trail and turned to put something away. I walked to where the trail forked and suddenly realized that I was lost. I looked to my right and I could see camp about 100 yards away, but I didn't know where I was. Fortunatly one of the original two who had gone to the river came walking up the trail and I told him, 'good thing you came along, I'm lost, and I haven't even left camp.' He chuckled and lead me down the trail and through a forest that if he wasn't in front of me, I would have no idea what I was doing or where I was going. We got to the river and listened to it for some time.

I could watch the waves and swirls of the water and again something was talking to me, this time it was the river. I still could not distinguish what it was saying as the roar of the water was to loud to hear what the river was saying. I enjoyed watching the colors of water change from green to blue into undecribable other colors. We all decided to head back to camp as it was now getting dark, and we didn't want to get lost in the forest.

Now back on the trail I began exclaiming, 'OH MY GAHD!! WE'RE IN CANADA, ON SHROOMS, ON PEYOTE!!' over and over again at the top of my lungs. By this time, anything that came out of my mouth was not necessarily what I was thinking, as my mind had separated into three different minds. One was my own, which pretty much sat in the back and observed, one was spiritual and was taking in all the sacredness of what was around, and the other was the obnoxious inexperienced foulmouth who now had control over everything I was saying.

When we were back in camp, I lay down and looked at the sky. By this time the stars were out and I could see them breathing and forming 3-dimentional shapes which would come down from the sky almost slamming into my face. I had a feeling of serenity in my spiritual mind, confusion in my real mind, and anxiety and fear in my third mind. I don't recall what my third mind was saying, but the others in the group say that I was talking of 'memories, what are these? past thoughts which we dwell upon? why?' and repeatedly shouting 'I need to take a fucking shit. It's pissing me off!' I layed down in my sleeping bag to try and settle some nerves that were becoming frayed.

At this point, with all the Canadian biting flys and other insects accumulating on my face, I experienced death and went through several stages such as decomposition, becoming earth, growth into new plants, and spiritual reincarnation in the depths of outer-space as almost a gasseous thought floating around and observing all the cycles of everything in, on or about earth. I at once understood everything. In the middle of the night I realized that I was myself again, and bluntly stated, 'I'm done.' to the other members of the group. They welcomed me back and I appologized for anything I may have said or done.

We ate, set up our tent, and went to sleep but not dreaming. I told everyone that I was glad I was already crazy before using the drugs, because anybody else who experienced what I had just gone through would definately need mental-hospitalization. I highly recommend the experience, but be cautioned and be mentally prepared, our choice of camp just off the highway was a bad choice. At least I came out of the trip a new enlightened person.

This is the story of how I lost my mind. No, this is the story of when I finally realized that I had lost my mind some time ago. I was blind to the truth until this day came. A mind is sort of like a set of car keys: Vitally important, yet surprisingly easy to lose.

This was the third time I had taken synthetic mescaline. The first time I had tried 280 milligrams of the hydrochloride salt, which gave me a moderate experience, about 8 hours long, with vomiting about 3 hours in. I had also tried 100 milligrams of the mescaline sulfate salt, which created a lightly stimulating body high with a subtle shift in time perception, but no visuals or nausea. The most distinctive characteristics of the substance these first two times were a prevalence of cognitive effects over visuals, and a contrast between anxiety early on in the experience, with contentment during the later stages. I hung up the telephone at 1:00, knowing that my friends, M and M2, would be due at my house within the hour.

1:30: My girlfriend assists me in reading out of a Jewish Orthodox daily prayer book, at my request, as I wanted to prepare myself spiritually for the day ahead. We recite together the prayer of the traveler followed by the shehecheyanu, wishing God to guide me on my travels. Afterward, I felt peaceful and optimistic. Then I measured my pulse so I could monitor its rise if need be. It is a little fast today, about 85 BPM. No substances have been taken; I must just be a little excited.

1:50: My friends arrive. I have explained my plans to them and to her. I will be taking a combination of hydrochloride and sulfate salts, but I don’t have enough mescaline to share with everyone else present. I will offer M and M2, instead, some 2C-B. They will recreate and babysit for me.

2:00: M has had 2C-B only once before, at 15mg. M2 has not yet tried it. His last psychedelic experience was with 5-MeO-DMT, and today he is not in the mood for anything quite so intense. I give 20mg of 2C-B to M, and 15 to M2. Then I swallow four capsules of mescaline, totaling 330mg of powder: 240 of the hydrochloride salt and 90 of the sulfate salt.

2:05: We put on the final album of George Carlin as we wait for our respective powders to take effect.

2:20: The mood is grimly humorous, thanks to Mr. Carlin. I am talking about a dentist’s appointment that I had recently, where I was injected with a mix of marcaine and epinephrine that made my face swollen and numb and my heartbeat accelerated for several hours.

2:25: M sees a pinkish hue to certain parts of the room. I am surprised how early the visuals are starting for him. All three of us feel a body high, but the effects otherwise remain mild.

2:30: We feel a rising tension as the effects build up. We agree that at this point we need music rather than comedy. A familiar album that we all enjoy goes on.

2:35: Nausea is slowly building up for me, along with some tension in the neck and shoulders.

A rough sketch of the effects of mescaline as I experienced them: Closed eye visuals, open eye tracers, lasers, dots, gleaming and blurring of lights and images. The sensation that everything is moving in synch or breathing. Irrational (and in my case, amusing) attribution of meaning to the mundane. Radically altered depth perception. Stimulation, energy, hilarity, and euphoria. Infinite curiosity. Delusions/irrational thoughts. Intensified emotion and perception. I was generally able to allay fear and enjoy the weirdness as opposed to freaking out. I was actually confused about reality only twice, upon seeing black and red mesh, as will be discussed later. Hunger, dehydaration, intense sexual arousal upon inactivity. Anxiety as the trip fades.

It should be noted that I did not have any truly profound thoughts or revelations. This experience was entertainment. I feel this is partly because I wasn’t trying to discover anything new, and partly because I am already spiritually satisfied at baseline. I did not feel the need to probe secrets in the dark, and I was choosing to interact with the outer world as opposed to internalizing all of my thoughts and sensations.

Previous to taking mescaline, I had limited experience with other hallucinogens(acid 2x, mushrooms 3x). Unfortunately, all of these experiences proved to be less than satisfactory. I had either gone to sleep or found myself profoundly disturbed (only once) and had not been able to enjoy or experience the full effects of the chemicals I had ingested.

I was 19 the last time I took a hallucinogen, and I am 23 now. Nonetheless, I was still excited for an opportunity to have a fun trip and a rich experience. I waited over the years and did not seek it out or accept any hallucinogens during this time because I wanted to be comfortable, in a good mental state, and with people I trusted. I think that was the right decision.

I took four liquid capsules with a friend GJ, who I like and trust a lot, at around 6:30 pm. He went home to shower and clean up, and I did the same at my house. We wanted to be clean and comfortable in order to minimize negative sensations/distractions. I noticed at about 7:30 that my hand-eye coordination was off as I was doing my makeup. I tried to dip a brush into my eye shadow and was just way off. I knew something was happening.

He was back to my house by 8. Our initial conversation was stilted, weird, and very, very simple. I had to think really, really hard every time I said something. After a while, everything just became absurd and insanely hilarious. I had no visuals, but I was stimulated physically and emotionally.

He became very distant and refer to things using definite and indefinite articles. He would just say 'it is very nice.' or 'that was kind of an impulse,', but wouldn't be clear about what he was referring to. This was frustrating. I was also having a lot of trouble talking and would say things like, 'breathing table I’m glad not'. I’m pretty sure that I was equally unintelligible. I was pretty just making sounds while thinking.

It was at this point, as we really started tripping hard that I got really hungry and we walked to an all night mexican drive/in. Talking was hard, walking was hard, and it was all fun. The sidewalk was slanted, which gave me a sense of vertigo I enjoyed very much.

As soon as we got home we sat for a few minutes, and I got intensely horny. I didn’t want to do anything about it with or in front of him, so this was frustrating. Very frustrating. Luckily, we left again very shortly and started walking toward the river, which made that go away.

Noises in the street took on an ominous, echoey quality. It was a beautiful night and people were listening to their radios outside. The singing started to sound like the lonesome howling of ghosts. It seemed like it was trying to speak to us.

We kept walking (quickly) over old brick sidewalks underneath the shadows of trees, which made it feel treacherous and exciting. The shadows seemed like mysterious black holes we could fall into, though we knew they weren’t, and accentuated the sense of vertigo. I felled propelled by an unknown force and was not tired at all from walking. This was undoubtedly due to the stimulant effects. The euphoria and psychedelic qualities of the drug were enough to keep our turbo charged minds and bodies busy and entertained.

There are train tracks by the river, and as we arrived, a train was passing. The feeling of watching trains is intense. The wind, the noise, the movement through space is overwhelming. I let the force of the train as suggested by my senses enter my body through proximity and got a killer rush out of watching it. GJ was scared by this. He stayed very far away. I think he did not trust himself and he thought I was going to run in front of the train.

We then crossed the tracks and took a walk on the edge of the forest by the river side. We were supposedly going to sit by the river, but could not find it in ourselves to stop. The sensation of constantly moving forward was just too good. I felt like I was on a roller coaster ride.

During this walk on the edge of the dark and shadowy forest, I started to get some amazing visuals. It looked like the trees were covered in black mesh. This was very real to me and I thought we had stumbled onto a squatter’s camp. It was not real. Continuing along, I shifted my attention to the river. The lights over the river were not dazzling in memory, but I was dazzled and confused by them.

The river bank is on a steep incline, so the trail was high above the water, but it seemed like the water actually rose to the edge of the trail and was at chest level. The water looked like it simply stopped at the edge of the trail, just short of drowning us. That was very, very cool. A while later I started getting some red visuals. Red points of lights, red lasers, red tracers, and red lines tracing around things.

Finally, we walked to the edge of the woods and the beginning of civilization. There was a construction site nearby, and the yellow and white lights on the machinery were twinkling at us and calling to us. I saw an actual red mesh fence, and my mind proceeded to place red mesh around everything. I knew there was a way out, but it looked like we might get lost finding an opening in all of that imaginary red mesh.

We walked up to the twinkling lights, which was machinery parked in a huge pit, and heard voices. Squatters. Someone was hanging around and we couldn’t see them. I got scared that we were disturbing their camp. We walked back to the edge of the forest and found two huge craters seven feet in diameter and three and a half or four feet deep dug into the ground, with sticks around the edges and stairs leading down.

We walked a distance away and decided that if anyone was pissed off about us being there, he or she would have said so. We stopped then on the periphery of civilization and laid down by the river’s edge. I closed my eyes and saw awesome two dimensional kaleidoscope patterns in swirling and undulating muddy fluorescents. I could place any image I wanted in the kaleidoscope and it would implant itself as a repeating element in the pattern.

I did this for a while, adding more and more objects and letting other’s fade away, before GJ said he heard more voices and we left. We actually just cut across the construction site and started home, which was only four or so blocks from this end of the river. We stopped at the park on our way there and sat in the shadows of the trees.

I realized at this point that I was greatly attracted to shadows and wanted to always be inside of them. We watched people walking by, and they seemed to float like fish swimming through water. The park is really just a series of three even square blocks bordered by street on all four sides, so we were in a middle of a square city block, but it seemed more like we in the middle of a circle and I could not distinguish the angled corners at the edge of the block.

Moving my attention to the grass, it seemed to breathe and sway. I put my hands in it and I could feel the earth breathing. Sitting up, the grass seemed to flow like a river around us. The tree branches swayed as though performing a ballet. Everything seemed to be moving in synch. This was my favorite part of the trip. We called and ordered a pizza to be sent to the house. Then we prank called a radio station and asked them to deliver a pizza to the place with the breathing grass. I am still amused.

The pizza was really, really good, and my cats seemed to know they we were messed up. They decided it was hardcore cuddle time and I really loved looking at my beautiful tiny cat and petting her and making her happy. My apartment was a really boring place to trip though and nothing was breathing or swaying or performing ballet any more. With nothing to distract me, it seemed my baseline mood was insanely horny and uncomfortable. I did not like this.

We left the house again, and I soon had to pee. We were somehow amused by the idea of walking all the way back to the river to pee instead of returning to the house, which was only half a block away when we made this decision. On the way back GJ started freaking out about having spider webs all over his body. This was just because he was afraid, but he wasn’t really afraid of the spider webs, he was afraid of disturbing whoever was squatting by the river and this fear had manifested itself as a fear of spider webs instead. I pointed out that there was a Johnny on the job at the construction site and no one would mind us using it, so he felt better and I got to urinate.

We were still tripping pretty hard, but it started raining at the site, which sucked because we couldn’t sit or lay down in the wet grass and we had to get his guitar out of the rain. We had to get back home and there was nothing to really groove on, so it felt like wasted time. We started coming down, so we hung out in his dry, warm comfy car. I got insanely sexually aroused, once more during only minutes of inactivity. We then drove back to the river. We sat on the rocks and watched nature. I was beginning to feel anxious myself and by the time we left the trip was pretty much over.

It was probably 3 am. We got hot cocoa, I felt tired and tense, and I wanted to go chill out. GJ still wanted more activity, so we went to visit train tracks again and then watched a movie at his house. I kind of just wanted to sleep or zone out to the movie, anything but be trapped in my head.

The last thing I wanted to do was converse. GJ was still really talkative, and I was annoyed, so it seemed like I was talking out of one side of my head (because he really needed someone to BS with) and watching the movie with the rest of my head, which was a good compromise and a good way to deal with the anxiety. It made me feel good to think that I was handling it and everyone was happy, so it wasn’t torturous anxiety like when you blow way too much coke.

Lying there made me really horny again, but I just focused on the movie. It took forever to sleep. I probably conked out at 6 am.

I loved this experience and would do it again. I would not want to take this drug without a lot of stimulation available. I think it is best, for me at least, to be in nature, because it will provide me with endless material to groove on. I would also either stay active or bring a sexual partner. I’m under the impression that this need is relatively unique to females. I’d like to see how sex feels under the influence of mescaline. I also think it’s a good thing to share what you are feeling and seeing with your buddy/ies as you go through this. You will enhance each other’s trip. I don’t know if everyone gets anxiety toward the end like I did, but I would be prepared for it. Also, bring food, water, and lots of hot cocoa! I loved hot cocoa while tripping!

I feel like I can’t sit still. Fingers are tingling. Pulse is speeding up a little bit. Heart feels heavy. Music is intense. A general atmosphere of apprehension. No noticeable visuals.

Tremendous warmth in my stomach. Occasionally I burp and taste the chemical; it’s not too pleasant tasting. Nausea is subtle but persistent. Music is physically intense to listen to.

I am frustrated by the in-between-ness of my state, the inability to break through to a full hallucinogenic experience, and the lack of visuals.

m feels like he could handle more. I hand him a 5mg capsule of 2C-B, raising his total dose to 25mg. M2 says that the ceiling is coming alive. It looks to him like a coral reef waving around underwater. Then he states that the ceiling looks like a carpet. Both M and M2 are seeing some trails. M’s face is starting to feel numb.

M feels a little more removed from reality than normal…. Like he’s watching everything on a screen. I have a strong body rush, and mild intensification of color and sound.

 I feel like I could handle a larger dose. I am still seeing almost no visuals at all, and feel ready for a full-on trip. I hold up a pill containing an extra 50 milligrams of mescaline sulfate and wonder out loud, “Should I take this too?” “Go for it, mate” comes a voice somewhere in the room. I swallow the capsule with a glass of water.

 The nausea just died down a little. It irritates me because I want to get the vomiting out of the way. I say to myself ‘So what? I’ll deal with it when it becomes an issue again’. I smoke a hit of organic kush (powerful stuff- taking it at a time like this was probably a mistake) and I sit down in my chair, figuring that I’ll just listen to some music and relax.

 BOOM. The kush hits me. The mescaline redose hits me. I’m torn, like a plane whose wings have been riddled with gunshots. I’m no longer soaring, I’m going down. Within a few instants, things are not alright anymore. Something is going very, very not - alright.

 A blood pressure cuff goes on my arm. Heart is racing faster than ever before. Cannot perceive time to know how fast the ‘beep-beep-beep’ is beeping. But it could outrun any cheetah in the jungle.

The cycle ends. The cuff reads 180. One Hundred And Eighty Beats. Per. Minute. Blood Pressure is ONE EIGHTY. Eyes peeled open wide in terror. Angry. Stunned disbelief. Primitive fear. The realization a heart attack could spontaneously occur at any moment. And then the fear of death became the essence of death itself. And the essence of death became real. And then I was dead. No longer in control. Actually believing, BELIEVING that I really was dead. Not almost dead, not thinking about death or wondering if I might be dead. Dead. Real death. And it all. Seems. So. Real.

I throw the blood pressure cuff onto the couch. Stand up. Expressionless. Eyes open way too wide, shaking, look in the direction of my friends.

“I’ll see you guys in about six hours, when I’m alive again.” They giggle incredulously, failing to understand. I leave the room.

Below is my story of meeting Teonanacatl, the Aztec Mushroom Spirit. This experience has deepened my respect for the very real intelligence contained in the mushroom and all other plants. Not only was I given profound insights, but Mushroom *physically* interacted with me, moving my body and teaching me about the plant world.

My car broke down earlier in the day, forcing me to curtail my Saturday plans and spend the afternoon at home. I decided to commune with Mushroom, since it was a gorgeous sunny day and I was feeling unusually calm and at peace. I even felt a vague sense of purpose, as if my car breaking down was intentional, so that I would be at home for this journey. I feel great respect for Mushroom's spirit, and as usual I cleared my mind, spoke my intent to the mushrooms I was about to eat, told Mushroom I love him, then asked Mushroom to teach me about trust. I had been feeling a strange separation from my friends and I knew it was because I was missing a depth of trust in them. I ate about 3 grams, just a portion of my stash. I usually eat piece by piece until the mushrooms let me know I've hit the right dose.

I smoked a small bowl of cannabis, then meditated with the music of Bach for about 30 minutes, glowing in a stream of sunlight from my back porch. I thanked the mushroom spirit for his wisdom and caring, and again repeated my love for him. This is a great way to endear Mushroom to you, though of course your love and gratitude must be sincere. As the mushrooms took over my senses, I moved to my bedroom, laid in bed, and closed my eyes. I kept repeating the word 'trust' and over time Mushroom began speaking back, reminding me to keep on trusting. He made it clear that the lesson in trust I desire begins with trust in him.

As my ego dissolved, about an hour into the trip, Mushroom showed me the great abundance and miracle that is my life. I suddenly saw the vast gifts I had created and been given, coupled with the infinite range of life's possibilities, and I felt a deep gratitude for everything in my life. I saw myself as a gorgeous ethereal being, strong in ability, able to move anywhere, able to make anything happen. This was not an ego trip, of course, it was a spiritual revelation about the truth of my being, the truth of *all* human beings, that it is our ego that *blocks* us from realizing and manifesting the possibilities.

A few insights and visions passed, then I felt a pressure on me, a force delving deep into my spirit. Instinctively I blocked it, but Mushroom asked me to trust, that he had to get at something in my soul. He said it would hurt momentarily, but that it was necessary to clear this blockage. I said okay, I trust you. I actually felt something like fingers dig around inside me and pluck something loose. Suddenly I began wretching, letting out dry heaves, coughs, and tears. I knew that I was purging out whatever blockage Mushroom had just released.

A tremendous wave of intense emotional energy surged and overtook me. I began bawling as I saw my friends together in a group, smiling and waving at me, inviting me to play with them. I realized I had been unduly mistrusting them, not seeing their love for me, completely missing the boat of friendship, and I surged with love for them and for myself. The intense emotion lasted a while, then as it faded I realized I had to pee. But Mushroom wouldn't let me, he told me again to trust him and trust my body, that I don't have to pee right now, that I have more lessons to learn first.

After a few more insights, Mushroom gave me permission to get up and go to the bathroom. I did so, washed my hands, then realized I was losing control of my fingers. I felt a force from within me trying to move my body, as if I were possessed. I closed my eyes and could see a vague human form, not my own, entering my body. I gave Mushroom permission to take me, I reiterated my trust, relaxed my body completely, and offered myself to him.

Suddenly my arms began moving of their own accord. I soon realized that I was being pulled towards the front of my apartment. I followed the tug, my arms outstretched, as if hands were gripping them and pulling me. The tug became a yank and I barreled to my front window, where my house plants are kept. My body collapsed in front of the largest plant (I'm afraid I don't know the species name) and I became awash in the plant's energy. I held one of the larger leaves to my face and I could feel intense healing energy entering my body. I began uttering deep, guttural, lion-like breaths as the energy of the plant coursed through me.

Mushroom then began teaching me. He told me this plant specializes in healing and that if I approach it correctly I can tap into its energy whenever I want. As I continued to bask in the energy, Mushroom then told me something startling: he said humans were long ago taken over by anti-plant spirits, spirits bent on destroying the plants, and that since that time there has been a battle raging between the plant spirits and the anti-plant spirits. He said the plants have been trying desperately to wake up humanity to this, but humans are still under the spell of the other forces. I declared my alliance with the plant spirits and I pledged to learn and live as a plant steward.

I sat back, my body limp, feeling rejuvenated, not to mention in utter awe at what was happening. Then my arms began moving again. As they rose up and moved around, I asked what was going on. I said 'you're enjoying messing with my body, aren't you?'. I could then *feel* a sigh in my mind, and my arms suddenly went limp. What I didn't realize was Mushroom was trying to get me to get up and move, but since I didn't respond he let go in frustration and instructed the plant that was just healing me to push me away. The healing energy I was soaking in suddenly became rigid and I was physically pushed away by the plant. My body felt the force of it and moved back, which confused me at first. Thinking the plant was angry with me, I stood up and apologized to it for whatever I did or didn't do. But then my right arm started moving and was again tugged, this time towards the back of my apartment.

It was as if a hand was gripping my arm, pulling me towards my back porch. I again barreled in the direction of Mushroom's pull, but when I reached the porch I yanked my arm back and said 'wait a minute!'. I told Mushroom I was confused by this interaction, that I don't really like being yanked around, and that I needed a moment to get my bearings. He gave me a minute, then started lightly pulling at my arm, towards my back window. I looked out the window and saw my garden in the backyard. I acknowledged the garden. Mushroom said 'good, now let's go outside.'

Once again my arm was being tugged, this time towards the door to outside. I live in a densely populated city, therefore I was very reluctant, telling Mushroom I was uncomfortable going outside while tripping, since people could see me, and I sure as heck didn't want people see me with my arms flailing around. Much to my surprise, Mushroom grabbed my foot and spun my leg around! He then grabbed both arms, tugging me towards outside. I reiterated my fear of being seen, but Mushroom repeated his request to trust him, so I said okay, but told him I had to put my outside slippers on first.

I couldn't find the slippers, so I asked Mushroom for help. He told me they were in my kitchen under the ironing board. I checked and voila, there they were. I put on my slippers and walked towards the door.

I could feel Mushroom leading me, tugging at my spirit as I walked towards the garden. I kneeled in front of the new strawberry plants that were just planted there, but then I began to feel self conscious just kneeling and tripping while I could hear my neighbors, wondering what they'd think if they saw me. So I hurried back inside, which made Mushroom a bit frustrated. He told me again to trust him, that if I felt self conscious kneeling by the garden I could instead sit in a chair, so if someone saw me I'd just be relaxing, enjoying the evening breeze. I wasn't sure there was a chair in my backyard, but I trusted him and went back outside. True to his word, a lawn chair was sitting against the back wall of my house, so I pulled it up and took a seat.

Mushroom told me to look down at the grass. As I did so, the lawn began morphing like it was animate life, the energy of the grass being made visually apparent to me. My cat was by my side this whole time (which was unusual since he usually likes to roam) and he was chewing on some of the grass. I asked Mushroom if the grass minded my cat stomping and eating them and he said of course they don't mind, that's what the grass is for, indeed that is what all plants are for: nourishment and healing. It is when we cut and burn and trash that the plants get angry with us.

I then felt Mushroom wanting me to get up. At this point he was fading, and he had a resultant urgency, tugging at me to move. I got up, thinking he wanted me to take a walk. I walked out into the alley behind my house, but I was misinterpreting Mushroom's request. No matter where I walked, Mushroom kept trying to pull me back the other way. It wasn't until later that I realized Mushroom was pulling me back to my garden, but his messages were so weak by this point I was getting frustrated not understanding them (and so was he). I walked around my block twice, back and forth through my alley, thinking I was supposed to be getting some sort of clue.

I eventually slumped back into the lawn chair, and asked Mushroom for one final sign. A robin swooped in and perched on my neighbor's garage, faced me, sang a little song, then took off over my head. The garden was directly in between me and the robin, a clear sign of where Mushroom wanted me to go. I got up to get close to the garden again, but by then Mushroom was too weak to teach me anything. I asked Mushroom if there was anything more or if I can go back inside. Mushroom gave me one last tug in exasperation, pulling me in one final annoyed effort towards my house, as if to say 'Fine! Go back inside! I'm through with you anyway.' I could feel his disappointment in my missing his lesson.

I went back into my apartment and laid down on my bed. I was feeling awful, like I really had let Mushroom down. I got up, put my hand into my stash, feeling the remaining mushrooms vibrating in resonance against my fingers, and I told Mushroom I love him and trust him, and I apologized for not getting his lesson. His last message to me was 'trust that I love you, too.'

Before I start I’d like to say that my experience doesn’t seem like your common trip on shrooms from reading numerous other experiences.

I live in South Africa, and wanted to visit my good buddy in London, since it had been a year since I had seen him. I was only supposed to spend 1 week there but it turned out to be 2 months. The week I was there actually ended up being the coldest week they’ve had in 4 years or something, so it was snowing and everything (late February 2005)

It was on my last whole day there when him and I went down to Camden market where magic mushrooms are very popular, so he suggested we should try since it was my last day, so I was up for it and agreed. I had only smoked cannabis before and had never tried a psychedelic, so this was all very new to me. I also didn’t have much knowledge on what the effect of the shrooms would be, and when choosing, there was a list telling you what the effect would have, eg; humorous, philosophical, and a couple of others, I forget.

A little over a year ago, I attended an Ayahuasca workshop – my first – in the southeastern Peruvian Amazon. I went with the core intention of seeking healing work, as I had been suffering from daily dizziness, fatigue, anxiety and some depressive symptoms since the fall of 2001 [I have since learned that these symptoms were due in large part to chemical imbalances resulting from chronic stress, worry and masturbation, despite not being fully clear on causality prior to preparing for Ayahuasca]. Since that workshop and my experience with the plant medicine, I have endured the hardest year of my life due to not only the original symptoms remaining unresolved, but continuing anxiety, depersonalization, very heavy panic and depression – levels of which I have never felt before. I have been unable to focus on critical tasks, let alone earn a living, due to said conditions and am at a loss for what to do. I was urged to post a report by someone familiar with the plant medicine on a medical help website in order to understand why my experience with the yage differs so much from those of others (at least as far as I have read), as well as how I can heal.

I am a nearly 38 year old male, and took Ayahuasca while 36. I do not have any other experiences with hallucinogenic drugs/agents, have never smoked, rarely drank alcohol, and was not/am not on any SSRIs. I had heard about Ayahuasca from a family member who had been partaking in ceremonies for a few years prior, and swears by the yage for not only helping him tackle his chronic depression, but for achieving multiple spiritual breakthroughs and illuminations. Prior to committing to go the workshop in Peru, I read many articles online – both from popular press (including that National Geographic article everyone else did), as well as portions of Benny Shanon’s book, “Antipodes of the Mind”. I watched videos showing the ceremonies on the internet. I found all of this personal research on Ayahuasca to be generally reassuring, nay motivating. I shifted my diet and followed other instructions as provided by the staff of the workshop. I had also written to said workshop (as requested) with as thorough a case of my motivations for wishing to attend its leg in the Amazon, and got a clearance and invite to attend afterwards.

The ceremonies – particularly the third of three – was incontestably the hardest experience I’ve ever been through in my 38 years. The effects of the yage lasted for nine hours, and I was unaware that they could go that long. Thus, I felt a terrifying sense of ‘being stuck’ in that nether-state of loose consciousness, and the presiding Shamanic practitioner had to bring me back to my room and perform what I sense was a soul retrieval on me while trying to calm me down. Nonetheless, the day after this third ceremony, I felt a horrid sense of loss and depression, things seemed generally much darker, and these moods/feelings havn’t lifted since (this was, again, late November 2007). Notedly, this same young Shaman urged me to “come back” for further work, as he sensed I needed it. I am not confident after these very difficult 14 months to revisit Ayahuasca, yet am seeking healing from its aftereffects.

Nearly three weeks after arriving back from the workshop in Peru, I started having severe panic attacks, heavy depersonalization, ‘otherworldliness’, and a feeling that I was in Hell. Pretty regularly thereafter, I experienced feelings of very heavy darkness, where life just seemed/seems like it is void and meaningless, lacking compassion. All very new and shocking moods and sensations to me, despite my having dealt with much milder and less sustaining bouts of anxiety and depression in the past. No, this feels morbidly permanent. I sense that the most disturbing perceptions and sense of hopelessness I experienced during that third ceremony with the yage has been continually looping itself over the past 14 months, in a form of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.

I’ve seen three separate therapists/psychologists, done yoga, meditated with binaural beats-containing CDs, and, for the past three months, committed to an intensive vitamins/supplements regimen to try and ‘right’ my brain chemistry. This has been under the guidance of my latest therapist, as an alternative to taking SSRIs or anti-depressants/anti-convulsants. I went this latter route only after having the very worst panic attack I’ve ever had on October 6th, which felt like it was an outright seizure.

The evenings get difficult. It’s like a cloud of depression hovers over me when the sun goes down. This never used to happen before I took Ayahuasca.

I also went to a reputable Shamanic practitioner who is local to me, and who told me that I had indeed sustained “soul loss” in Peru. He subsequently performed a soul retrieval in early November 2008, yet I am still dealing with these heavy symptoms (although I haven’t had an outright panic attack since starting the vitamins, it feels like I could go there with enough heavy anxiety once again). Every day is a vigilant battle to prevent spiraling anxiety.

Two acquaintances – one in his mid-60s and one in his late 20s – shared their experiences with hallucinogenic agents, which somewhat have mimicked mine. The older one took peyote 44 years ago as part of a college psychology class experiment, and subsequently sustained a yearlong sense of heavy depression and “psychic devastation”. The younger friend took LSD six years ago and also had a yearlong sense of heavy depression, where his personality significantly changed, and the streets he lived and worked on since childhood “didn’t look or feel the same”. The descriptions from both resonated with my current experience. They both eventually ‘recovered’ their psyches and reassured me that things would improve with me as well.

However, I’m still lacking in energy, regularly dizzy, and anxiety-ridden, and often experience disturbing thoughts... all nearly 14 months after the Peruvian workshop.

Questions: What could’ve happened? Is my current condition wholly abnormal to the Ayahuasca experience? Again, I do not have a history of experimenting with any other psychotropic, psychedelic or controlled substances prior to taking yage thrice over three separate nights. I understand that it is a sacrament in Shamanic cultures and I approached it as such, as best as I could. Due to uncontrollable anxiety, I’m just very frightened over the sense that I have permanently damaged my brain and mind, and need some clinical guidance.

I am not willing to go on SSRIs/anti-depressants, despite certain friends and family members urging me to do so in order to be able to work again. The whole point, ironically, behind going to Peru was to avert any reliance on SSRIs/pharmaceuticals.

So we were up for the ones that would apparently make everything seem very humorous, since I didn’t want to have any serious effects taking me on. On the way home (staying in a commune) we got some take away pizza (now this was in the evening/nite), then we just sorted out all the crap we had bought and chilled in the living with the tv.

We smoked a J while eating our pizza, then came out the shrooms and we each had 5 (duno how many grams that is). We 1st had them by themselves, then we put them on our pizza and chowed them away. We were watching Takeshi’s Castle at the time, which is a hilarious Japanese game show. At 1st it was only the weed that was making things seem funny and it wasn’t till 30min later when the shrooms started to take effect.

Just before it did, or in the very beginning of it, the TV was on MTV Dance, and the song “Spitfire” by The Prodigy came on… it was the most mind blowing experience of seeing and hearing a music video. That music video is the most incredible one I’ve ever seen in my life, and the track was out of this world! I came closer to the screen and just stared in awe at the screen. I felt a deeper connection to it. I understood the track in a much deeper way and connected with it on a much higher state of consciousness as though The Prodigy created it also in such a state of mind themselves and I was able to meet them there in that higher state.

I got back to the couch I was on and then in a moment the shrooms were hitting me. you don’t even realize that your in a different state of mind. Its like the moments before you fall asleep and start dreaming, your in no way aware of the shift. I felt as though I was actually truly fully awake now, broken out of the system of ‘reality’ and realized that everyone in this reality is in a deep sleep away from the real life, that within every ones minds there are a huge amount of sealed doors preventing humanity from seeing deeper, from understanding how life actually works and the shrooms were a key to those doors.

In the beginning stages I could actually feel my mind accelerating higher and higher and actually starting to use the dormant 92% in our brains. My mind was absorbing an incredible amount of information at a massive speed and processing the existence of everything in my mind, making perfect clear sense of it all, and making me realize the true reasons behind everything. During these moments sitting in the lounge I could see green holographic numbers/symbols/designs all around just hanging and shifting into different number/symbols in the air. These holograms had an extremely advanced technological appearance and I could manipulate them with my hands. It was as though these holograms existed in another dimension and my mind was tuned to the frequency of that dimension.

At 1st those holograms were the only things that I could see as a result of the shrooms. The world around me was not distorted/shifting or changing at all. It was just how it was as you would see it in a sober state of mind. The dimension was overlaying this reality so I was existing in two frequencies at once (our dimension of existence and this other super dimension).

The bigger part of these moments was me absorbing in all this information about the design of life. It goes into tremendous detail, but I’ve realized that every tiny thing happens for a reason, that everything is linked, everyone is equal and that words are not enough. My friend was experiencing the exact same thing. Then these Italian people who were staying there came home, my buddy looked at me and I understood that I’ve got to now conceal and snap out of the depth I was at, as to not alert them that we were tripping. The holograms then vanished or shifted into something much less.

Then we looked around and became aware of the physical world around us. The living room was in a state of disaster, with ash and trash all over the floor. We tried to clean it up, but that was impossible. Our bodies weren’t functioning in order, and we found that quite amusing. We looked at the clock and it was 3am. Time shot by and we didn’t even realize it. We were both so deep in another state of mind accessing this knowledge, that the world around us became unnoticeable, and forgotten about.

We then decided we needed to get to bed because I was catching a flight that coming day. Now comes my peak. We got upstairs to our beds. We were sleeping on a double bunk bed, and my bud was on the top bunk, me the bottom. I just lay there in the darkness thinking now I would fall asleep. I was lying on my side looking out into the dark room with just a little light coming through the window from outside. This is where the most incredible dimension appeared. It was as though in this small room, I could see this infinite holographic dimension where time did not exist, where there was no beginning nor end and it was forever in all aspects and I could comprehend infinite. My vision was perfect, since I wasn’t looking with my eyes, because when I closed my eyes and I could still see everything.

The dimension appeared as this extremely complex and super-technologically advanced holographic matrix of energy and life. Everything I saw I understood. Nothing was a confusion to me, it all made perfect sense. Such of what I saw cannot be related to anything here on earth since it is based on very different principles. The technology in this dimension made star wars seem prehistoric in comparison, and even that is an extreme under statement. But that still is a bad comparison because star wars relies on physical, human, earthly and limited characteristics, where the principles of this dimension relied on totally different principles.

I could see and feel all these tiny glowing spirit like entities all linked to each other (trillions of them, and I could see them and understand them all perfectly). These were living spirits of life here on earth, and I could feel them all communicating with each other, and they were all trying to help each other with progress to this final point and I was apart of all this and I was wanting to get there too. I could see and feel the spirits of everyone I know, my family and my friends. I felt as though they were always here in this dimension, that everyone knows it all, that they were all aware of how things truly are already.

During my experience I felt I could not fully be there in the dimensions to help, and I came to know that the only way I could was to commit suicide, to release my spirit from its prison, the earthly body. The life I experienced in the dimensions were of such a greater magnitude and of unparalleled importance to that of the life here. Life here seemed a total nothingness in comparison. I said to myself that no one will understand this, that they would not be capable of comprehending if I had to commit suicide over such a matter to help in the bigger picture.

We have just all been disconnected from our spirits and I could understand that everyone’s spirit knows everything, you just have to be connected to your spirit again for you to start downloading all that knowledge.

With how this dimension was working, I could hear these technological sounds emitting off with the workings of things. I only realized after that there is quite a lot of trance type music with these sound effects. 1 song in particular that pulls it off extremely well, is from a song called, ‘resurrection’ by Ppk (discovered this song months after my experience). After the intro of beats and tunes, it goes quiet and these sound effects start in the silence. Those sound effects are just what they sound like. You’ll know when they start. Then I knew the music artist experienced the same dimension as I did because he was trying to simulate the sound effects.

Light and Dark. It got to the point where the information I was downloading was beginning to become way too heavy on me because I was getting too deep and it was becoming very frightening even though I was absorbing all this information with my at the time very powerful super computer like brain. I was lying on my back and everything was very bright, but in this brightness there was this same insane holographic technology, it was just a lighter shade of green.

I could also hear everything just rocketing forward in progress (I could hear jet engine type sounds rocketing). In the light was where I was able to download more knowledge and I could see and feel everyone in the light accessing more and more knowledge as well, and they were all trying to keep each other in the light to keep on learning even though it gets extremely difficult, because the more you learn the further away from this reality you become and you’ll get to the point where you’ll get so far away from this reality that eventually in reality you’ll end up going crazy because your mind cannot safely contain all that sort of knowledge. It’s like connecting a 100000V battery to a little hand held fan. It will go the speed of light for a second and then just totally burn out/blow up.

In the light I could feel energies that had their fill of the light wanted to leave the light and return to darkness but then later come back to the light. You need to take a balanced dosage of the dark and light to stay sane. But if you wanted to leave the light all the energies in the light would try their absolute best to keep you in the light. But the energies in the dark have a great pull on you too toward the dark because they can also feel when you are going too deep, and most of the energy in the dark never turns to light to learn, they just stay away. So it’s like a tug of war from both sides. I could hear voiced in the light “its going to be ok/ we are going to make it/ hang in there” then at the same time I’d hear energies in the light moaning “I can't take it/ its too much/” and the positive energies in the light would try motivate them to stay in the light.

The Darkness… when I lay on my stomach, everything would become pitch black, and there was no technology here. Being in the dark I could feel all the energies in the light trying to get me back. I could hear a universe of voices, I thought I was going to go crazy! The voices from the dark side tried to pull people from the light to the dark saying “it’s not worth it/ go back later/ you cant do this to yourself” The darkness was where nothing could be learned, I also could hear the rocket like engines failing and everything moving backward.

In the light I felt a forever, I honestly truly thought that this state of mind would never cease that what I was experiencing was the next stage of life, and in the dark I felt I could return to reality. I could feel the trip was slightly wearing off for a second, but at the same time I felt I was feeling a progressive disconnection from my spirit and was beginning to fall asleep back into reality. The dark and light did not neccessarily symbolize good and evil, more like what is easy and what is difficult, what is truth and what is not.

The trip was barely wearing off and I couldn’t decide between dark and light so I kept tossing and turning, then I tried to lie on my side to balance it out so I didn’t have to decide, but that almost created a very bad disturbance for me. I wasn’t speaking to my bud through all this but out of nowhere I heard him say “think of orange.” Strangely enough that did relieve me for a little. What I could see was not colours, but just the thought of it in my mind, and I realized that the colours people choose to use in life play a much deeper hidden role.

There seemed to be a great one absolute in my experience and I could decode all the signs of people in reality trying to give on a message of such. I’m not sure what this ONE thing was, but it was something of the greatest magnitude. If you are alert and know what to look for in reality you will be able to see the hidden messages and signs that EVERYONE is expressing in trying to teach us with the truth, they are almost subconsciously/without knowing it, are getting out a bit of it.

In this time there was this Italian couple arguing downstairs in Italian, so I eventually paid attention to what it was all about, then when I paid attention I could hear the Italian quickly shift into English. Anyway…

When I had to choose I felt as though time was counting down quickly and something TERRIBLE would happen if I didn’t choose (time existed now, but it was a different form of time) eventually everything just became way too much on me and as much as I wanted it to go away and I just wanted things to go back to normal, I knew they wouldn’t unless I did something like knock myself out, but that was dangerous because I didn’t want to kill myself. Eventually I got up out of my bed and went downstairs, I opened the door to outside, took one step outside, and that’s all I can remember. I hit a blank then fade into these crazy terrifying realistic type dreams awhile later with no real relation to my trip, and the dreams seem to carry on forever.

Two weeks later I start to slowly gain consciousness but would slip in and out of consciousness for about another 2 weeks, after awhile I realized I was in the Royal London Hospital!! Weirdly enough I felt as though everything was normal and there was no need to ask any questions, because things felt totally 100% normal. After a week during my unstable consciousness I was able to grasp the fact that a 4 TON TRUCK had actually smashed me to the ground… apparently I was jogging without shoes, and the truck driver thought I would stop at the intersection, but I didn’t and ran right in front of it.

After having five or six pints of Blue Moon, I got up the balls to try this trippy herb. It smelled harmless enough, like something you’d find growing amid the undergrowth of a dark forest, or the way damp straw smells covering freshly-sewn grass seed. This was a first-time experience and, wary of any exhalation affecting my cats, I decided to smoke it out of doors. I stood on the balcony and took a deep drag from my little glass pipe. The cloud I blew out tasted almost metallic--what I would describe as the flavor of neon gas calmly lining the interior of a glass vacuum--but not at all harsh. What a gorgeous, vibrant leaf-colored, warm sunlit, blue-sky autumn day it is. This was my last thought before turning to walk up the stairs leading to my loft, but I must have taken one step and collapsed on the first couple of carpeted stairs.

My next recordable sensation was being lifted or floating up through a green corridor whose walls had no tangible structure—as if they were incorporeal and the bright green color swarmed around me tightly with a cylindrical shape if any shape at all. The sense of a warm, green birth canal comes to mind on writing this, but at the moment I really didn’t have the brain power to conceive metaphors or similes. Within this green floating space, I heard a woman’s voice. “Come on, buddy,” she said repeatedly. “Come on, we’re almost there.” Her voice was soothing and the next visualizations I had included a vivid, floating red square in front of me, and above that, this woman’s face.

I had no idea who she was, but in reality the crimson square was the red t-shirt worn by my girlfriend of four years, and the voice was hers, too. Tabitha really was there, pulling me up the stairs; she knew I was going downstairs to smoke the stuff, so she wasn’t completely shocked to see me in such a zombified state. Despite her profound anxiety over my condition, she had the wise sense to keep smiling and comforting me so as not to alarm me or send me into some anxiety-driven fit. The moment immediately preceding my inhalation, she was upstairs in front of my computer reading one or two experiences, so she fairly knew what to expect… but 20 seconds later she found me at the bottom of the stairs with my eyes wide open, glaring at her with an expression of deep fear and helplessness. I didn’t particularly feel afraid, but the look on my face betrayed otherwise, Tabitha said.

What I did feel was the sensation of floating up the cozy green corridor (my stairwell is in fact painted a bright, neon Post-It Note kind of green) and although my motor skills were virtually nonexistent, I managed to propel myself up the stairs with her while she tugged on me and assured me that things were okay. “Come on, buddy,” she kept saying and it took several seconds for me to understand language again until I was trying to figure out where the hell I was, and why I was just now being born; I felt like a toddler in nursery school and this pleasant-looking face who was comforting me was the embodiment of my teacher or babysitter, yet I could only make out her face hovering above a red square…

or perhaps I was an infant and hadn’t yet learned to speak at all, which was confusing because I also had the sense that I’d learned a lot and forgotten it—as if the hard drive containing all that I’d ever learned and seen in my 32 years of learning and seeing things had crashed. I felt like I’d left that heap of experience at the bottom of the stairs, as if the landscape of my mind had completely vanished, and this was troubling because part of me wanted it back but there was positively nothing I could do about it. I was indeed helpless—only on reflection can I say that I felt like a small child or perhaps a mentally handicapped person; again, in the moment I didn’t have the brain power to articulate to myself, “Am I retarded? Is this what it feels like to be a mindless person or a really young child, since it’s been so long since I was a really young child and have forgotten what it felt like? …Is this death? Is it birth? Or rebirth?” I was merely sensing things with no higher cognitive capabilities, perhaps the way an insect might perceive things roaming about the earth—not understanding anything but merely reacting to variations of light and temperature. Frankly, I didn’t even have the wherewithal to feel worried about my state.

The physical sensation I had overall was comparable to that feeling of sleep paralysis (known as hypnopompic paralysis), where you’re aware of being awake, yet you can’t open your eyes or move a muscle. Perhaps what kept me from feeling slightly freaked out is that I did have the colorful visuals and wasn’t confined to just blackness behind my eyelids. And even though Tabitha’s face and voice weren’t at all familiar to me, she was certainly comforting. This all occurred within the time it took for us to lumber up the stairs; apparently, Tabitha was hauling me up like a wounded soldier, and I’d slobbered quite a bit on myself. (Is ptyalism a common side-effect? Is it coincidence that the words salvia and saliva are one letter transposed apart? Yes, actually it is coincidence.) Naturally, I had no awareness of the drooling I’d done.

Near the top of the stairs, I began to come around and could finally put some words together, but initially they were incoherent. I felt like I had a huge smile on my face during this ascension (toward heaven?) and now I felt certain I’d left something at the bottom of the stairs, and it had to be my whole life experience and I think I pointed toward it, but we came to find what I’d left down there was my pipe. Rat farts! Nothing magnificent or preternatural about that.

Now I was on my feet again and talking to Tabitha. I exclaimed gleefully that this was fantastic and I hopped around the room excitedly, whooping joyously. Second by second, I could feel the effects waning, and I had certainly regained my sense of self because during the stairwell trip I really had no idea who I was or what plane of existence I was on. Probably I was more excited about surviving the experience than the experience itself; experiencing new things is something that will always infuse me with passion, and I understood that this particular sensation was not something I could have achieved on my own. Within minutes I was back to normal, which means I was slightly drunk from the Blue Moons… and I was in a delightful mood. Tabitha remained shaken by the expression on my face in the stairwell and my utter inability to speak. She said I “looked like Jack Nicholson after the lobotomy.” 1

So I drank another beer and ate two small mushroom caps that I had in my fridge with the rest of my stash. For the next hour I gleaned information from Tabitha’s perspective and tried my best to delineate all I’d seen in those few seconds of the trip. Despite her description of the fear she felt for me at the bottom of the stairs, I figured it would be worth trying again. But this time we agreed I should lie down on my bed, and it was dark outside by now so no light came in from the window. We turned on the song Wake Up by Layne Staley because we felt its blues-inspired sexy, groovy peaceful sound would provide a calming aural environment.

After another huge hit, I set down the pipe and sat on the bed and immediately was unconscious. Tabitha reported that whilst reclining on the bed I began to make choking sounds, and this time I’d drooled on myself even more—something like 10 CCs of slobber—and I’d decorated my shirt with it plenty. But Tabitha was now seriously worried about the possibility of me choking on my own juice, so she sat me upright, noting that my limbs and torso were completely dead weight and all I could do for the next thirty seconds was lean forward, crouched on my own lap, and this time my eyes were shut. I’d managed to say, “This isn’t good,” just before passing out entirely and then anything else I tried to say came out as complete gibberish. Close to panic because she felt responsible for letting me go on the trip again, Tabitha steeled her exterior once more and kept assuring me (and herself) that it would be okay. “I love you, buddy. I love you and it’s going to be okay,” she refrained for about two minutes… which she declares seemed like a much longer window of time because I wasn’t responding, just slumped there drooling on myself. My memory of hearing her talk to me—because I had absolutely no visuals—is tenuous at best. Very vague if not nonexistent. This sucks because it means the trip itself was nonexistent for this second go-around.

“What? What? …Where am I? What happened?” I muttered suddenly. Then I opened my eyes and spouted, “I’m okay? Okay, I’m back. Woo!” and I sprang up from the bed because now I was experiencing spectacular visuals. Every surface I looked at was surrounded by a tight gold and blue glow, a solid 2mm thick line of pure light—the bookcase, the door frame, Tabitha’s face, my hand and fingers were all encased in this light yet the essence of it glowed brightest around living things. I was talking and feeling celebratory now as I stood in the threshold of my doorway under the red rope lights that illume my loft, but I may not have been making much sense. I was trying to articulate that I felt as if I were made of plastic or metal… or perhaps I was wearing some sort of protective space suit and it comprised this aura surrounding my body with soft warmth.

I looked at my forearm, my wrist, and fingers and was amazed that I could move parts of my body, fascinated that without putting conscious effort into it I could move my limbs so freely. I wiggled my fingers and smiled at them. My olfactory senses seemed to cling to that earthy scent that salvia has before smoked, but this effect wasn’t too intense or noticeable. But the glowing feeling and tactile sense of being made of some inorganic material were very salient for a few minutes, and surely this was the by-product of having eaten the shroom caps as well. I was giddy about these hallucinations and even though I failed to articulate them appropriately to Tabitha, I kept trying to describe my sensations. Within minutes that effect had also dissipated and now I felt (mostly) normal again and was enjoying the subtle kaleidoscopic color fractals that come with the usual fungus trip.

While I proceeded to eat ¾ of a 20” Spinelli’s pizza, Tabitha and I discussed this episode of the salvia experience for a while and I remarked that I had a bit of a headache—nothing too uncomfortable but I certainly felt like the capillaries in my brain were markedly engorged. Tabitha expressed a grave concern for anyone who smokes this stuff—especially because any teenager or child could walk into the store we bought it from and go home and choke on his own saliva.2 …Or result in a total king-hell freak out. From my research, it appears that excessive salivating was a condition unique to me, but it really is a good thing that Tabitha was there to sit me upright, and I suspect that the potency of this 20x strength of herb simply zonked my core motor abilities, resulting in total relaxation of all smooth muscle tissue and the subsequent drooling. Fortunately, I didn’t shit myself—which would have made for a better story—but done nothing for my testimony of this stuff.

In the end, the experience was not scary for me—just truly psychedelic. I’d have preferred the second time around to be more palpable/memorable… As a result of the first try, it is certainly interesting to now know what it feels like to have no sense of identity at all (often described as an “ego death”), and to feel what it’s like when your central processing unit is functioning on the most reptilian level. I titled this article The Mindblank Spell because I compare the effect to what the old Dungeons & Dragons spell mindblank might be like.

However, for my sitter, Tabitha, it was a scary, unsavory experience. Mainly, she felt even more terrified the second time around compared to when she saw my pie-eyed expression on the stairs, perhaps because she felt responsible for the fact that she allowed me to do it again and I started with the choking sounds. I should say that I was of completely sound mind when I decided to give it a second try. Sure I’d consumed some beers and a few caps of fungus, but I can operate more or less normally under these circumstances…

Note: Sitter’s experience.

It is true that Carter has a very high tolerance for drugs and their affects and is not at all prone to panic or anxiety as I am. I will say that for me it was awful to see him look so fearful and helpless when I have never seen him like that before. He went to his deck to smoke it and I thought I might as well go ahead and read up on this just in case. There are statements about it not having any affect at all on certain people and given his high tolerance level you can imagine my shock at finding Carter on the bottom two stairs is this state. It looked like he had just had a seizure—his right arm was bent, legs curled up like he had fallen over but he was trying to move but because he had no control over his body he couldn't. He honestly looked like he was dying.

The expression on his face was terror and helplessness so I knew I couldn't let him know from my expression how utterly frightened I was. The thing is I didn't know what to do (hadn't read that far!) or what to expect so I was just holding him up and telling him it would be okay then decided to take him upstairs. He moved but barely, and when we got up to the top of the stairs he laid down. About a half a minute later he jumped up and started asking what just happened and where we were. At this point his control started to come back rapidly and he could have a clear conversation and was happy and excited—no anxiety whatsoever. I think for Carter, with both experiences it only lasted 15 - 20 minutes from start to finish.

The second time, as Carter said, I felt responsible and he was completely out cold, immediately. I checked his pulse and it was steady but when the choking started I freaked and knew I needed to set him upright. He was dead weight and it was really hard to keep him upright. I just kept saying to him that I loved him and it would be okay—this was for me too! Anyway, this experience is not something I would ever try—prone to anxiety as I am—but for Carter it was something he wanted to experience and I am glad that I could be there to help him through it even though it scared the shit out of me!

I am a 21-year-old female who is very athletic and in excellent health. My previous experience with psychedelics includes psilocybin, LSD, ketamine, MDA, DMT, and 5-MeO-DMT, all of which I am moderately to highly experienced with. Other psychedelics that I have experienced once to a few times are AMT, DPT, 5-MeO-DiPT, and mescaline. Over the past couple of years I have been for the most part avoiding tryptamines as I have grown tired of the body load and long tail-end effects. For the past five years I have been fascinated by the psychedelic phenethylamines, but have been cautious about experimenting with them until more information became available. During this period, I have had the opportunity to try 2C-B on several occasions, but always passed it up as the time did not feel “right” for me. The following account is of my first experience with this compound, which occurred a few days ago.

The 2C-B has been carefully weighed on a scale accurate to 1 mg. My fiancé Karl and I are each planning on taking one capsule with 15 mg of 2C-B. This will be my first experience with this compound and Karl’s third.

The setting for the evening is a rented cabin on a body of water far from densely populated areas and far from our home. The scenery is gorgeous, unfortunately the cabin is a little run down, but we both feel very at peace here. Neither of us has eaten for approximately six hours and even though we do not feel hungry our stomachs are for the most part empty. Karl is on no medications and I am on only a low-estrogen birth control pill.

[T+0:00] Feeling a little bit anxious, I wash down my capsule with some water. After swallowing the capsule my anxiety dissipates. There is no turning back now.
[T+0:30] Karl and I are sitting in the cabin listening to some music and I am beginning to feel slightly mentally “weird”, but it is so slight it could be a placebo-like effect.

[T+1:00] Karl and I have re-located to a spot outside where we have a nice view of the water. At this point I can tell that there is definitely a phenethylamine in me. Physically I feel very warm and relaxed with a slight buzzing in my body. Mentally I feel very clear-headed and happy with a small amount of euphoria. The sun is beginning to get low in the sky turning clouds shades of pink, red, and orange.

[T+1:30] I am still feeling mentally and physically excellent, but I have become quite restless. I feel mentally sober except for the fact that details are standing out at me. I look down and analyze every single thread of my sweater. I am hearing undertones that I have never noticed in songs that I listen to often.

[T+2:00] My restlessness has only increased, so Karl and I walk out to the pier and gaze down into the water. So far this has been pleasant but I begin to think if things don’t pick up soon that I am going to be disappointed. It starts getting windy and cold so we start walking back to our cabin. Mentally or visually there is still no indication that I have ingested anything (except for acute awareness to details), but as we are walking back I look at the cabin and see the roof raise up and fold into squares like a sheet of paper. Unbelievable! With LSD and psilocybin I get visual distortions and patterning on things before I have any large-scale hallucinations. But with 2C-B, I got hardly any visual distortions or patterns to accompany large-scale hallucinations! Throughout the night I went from having hallucinations to feeling sober and vice versa many many times.

[T+2:30] Back in the cabin we put on some slow-tempo electronic music, which sounds amazing. I am surprised, as music usually annoys me on most psychedelics. I also find my favorite seat for the night: on the bed in front of the window looking out at the water and the mountains. What is strange is that when we have the lights on nothing is out of place and I feel sober. But when we turn the lights off I start to have incredible visuals. There are some lights across the water that start flashing and turning different colors. Karl tells me that they are actually white lights and that they are not flashing (and I trust him, because his experience leveled out with the body buzz and the acute awareness to details. He had no visuals of any kind). I see the skyline start wavering and watch the mountains rise up higher and higher until the sky is almost not visible. The mountains then drop down to their original height, allowing me to view the clear night sky. The stars begin to spin and streak across the sky and begin to connect to each other with red lines to form a web of stars. These types of visuals progressed for the next 2.5 hours and did not get any more intense than what I have just described.

I also have access to memories and emotions in my past that I am not comfortable with and I can easily push them out of my mind. This experience is controllable, which is good, because at several times I am hit with certain thoughts or ideas that could have escalated into something terrible, but I could simply choose not to continue with them. Time has slowed down immensely. I can’t believe it has only been a few hours as it feels like the whole night has gone by.

[T+4:00] I am beginning to ignore my visuals as I get the urge to talk and think about people and matters in my life. I begin to dissect and analyze things, which end up confusing me. I then start taking components in my life and begin to put them together into one big whole. They start to make a lot more sense to me. The universe feels very small (or maybe it is me that feels so large?) and I feel like I can access anything. One thing about this experience that is beginning to get on my nerves is the lack of description and words I can find for the thoughts I am having. I am making so many connections, but I can’t put them into words, a problem I have never encountered with other psychedelics. Maybe the clear-headedness is causing this difficulty? Or maybe psilocybin, LSD, and DMT are superior at helping one verbalize thoughts and connections?

[T+5:00] The prominent visuals have ceased and I begin to realize how distorted the things around me now look. Karl seems disproportionate: one side of his face looks bigger, as does one of his arms. I look in a mirror and my pupils are doing the strangest thing. They constrict and then pulse and get a little bigger and then pulse and get a little bigger until they are dilated and then they constrict and the process starts over. I am now also very aware of how physically uncomfortable I am. My skin feels sticky and clammy. I am getting a headache and some slight nausea. I try to drink some 7-Up and eat some crackers, but I can barely taste or smell anything. I bump my elbow and feel nothing. I can’t believe how numb my body and senses have suddenly become! The cartilage in my neck keeps cracking when I move my head, but the way it resonates makes it feel like the cracking is happening inside my head, which is a little disturbing. I also did not produce any phlegm or mucus, but I did have a small problem with my sinuses continually popping and creating a rushing air feeling and sound in my ears. These physical side effects were completely absent until now, and I find I can block them out by talking to Karl and being silly. I get the giggles pretty badly and say some pretty nonsensical things for a half hour or so.

[T+6:00] I am feeling tired and lie down in the bed next to Karl. Holy shit it is the most uncomfortable thing I have ever been on. I have slept on floors that were ten times more comfortable than this bed. It also doesn’t help that the sheets are coarse and scratchy and the pillows are hard and lumpy. I still see some patterning, and things still look pretty distorted.

This is when my worst physical side effect began and it was impossible to ignore. I started to get some muscle spasms and tremors, which were annoying as hell and which also contributed to me having some anxiety. When I closed my eyes and tried to ignore them I found I could not keep my legs still. Looking back on this, I am not sure if the cause was physiological or psychological. It is possible that I may have been deficient in magnesium and potassium. But it is also possible that as I became more and more bored and uncomfortable with my surroundings, impatient to get to sleep, and frustrated with the uncomfortable bed, this triggered some moderate anxiety, which caused me to spazz out for a couple hours.

[T+7:00] I am still being bothered with some physical discomfort but I am mostly ignoring it now except for some muscle spasms. At this point, my open-eye visuals consist only of rainbow splotches surrounding things (like water droplets with oil in them). I lie down and close my eyes and decide to try to ride the rest of this out so I can fall asleep. This is my first opportunity to explore the CEVs. They are unlike any I have experienced with any other substance. They are three-dimensional patterns that are grey, black, dull yellow, dull red, dull blue, and dull green (almost like Lego colors and patterns). Some random images also pop into my mind of people I know morphed with insects and other strange creatures.

The day before the trip I avoided all substances that conflict with MAOIs (I also hadn't been drinking heavily or using hard drugs in at least the several weeks leading up to the trip). On the day of the trip I fasted, drinking only water and not even drinking water starting three hours before the trip, in hopes of keeping the anahuasca down. I started drinking the P. harmala at 16:50, and sipped it slowly, taking about 25 minutes to finish it. I sat quietly and cleared my mind after each sip, to try to minimize nausea. It tasted quite bad, but I felt okay as I drank it. During this time I had very light perturbations from baseline, a mild awakening feeling and lightness of mood. I finished at 17:15 and immediately started drinking the M. hostilis. It tasted horrific, like I was drinking pure tannins. I drank the M. hostilis very slowly, meditating and staying still after each sip to avoid nausea, with a vomit bag sitting in front of me. It took me 35 minutes or so to take it all down, and I felt a heavy body load in my stomach and had to stay still, clearing my mind, to avoid vomiting. In the end, though I felt nauseous at several points throughout the experience, I kept the brew down until after I had finished tripping, around 00:30, at which point I vomited violently whatever was left in my body, and with it left the last vestiges of the trip.

Experience:

I started drinking the boiled down extracted MAOI ...it tasted awful...I drank it warm, sipping it slowly...I thought that this must be the vomit agent, since it tasted terrible, but I drank it over the course of 25 minutes, sitting still and meditating a bit to avoid puking...it wasn't too bad to hold down and I finished it at 17:15 and started the distilled jurema...fuck if I thought the MAOI tasted awful, it was nothing compared to the jurema...pure alkaloid/tannin taste...it was very hard to take down...I drank it very slowly, again warm, over the course of 35 minutes or so, finishing at roughly 17:50-18:00...I felt a bit of slow awakening, a slight expansion in consciousness, but very light and pleasant...it was hard keeping the jurema down and I sat quietly for 30-40 minutes, concentrating on letting my body acclimate to the brew and clearing my mind...I almost puked twice, but managed to hold it down...

At this point, 18:30 or so, I started feeling a little more normal, coming down from the initial warmth...I started thinking that nothing was going to happen, when I started to get nauseous again...I went to my bucket, felt a bit like puking, but didn't...after waiting 5 minutes or so until the nausea stabilized, I felt the first wave coming in and put on some music...then a nice, strong acidy trip, with lots of moving geometric patterns when my eyes were closed proceeded for about an hour...I started coming out of it around 19:20, feeling a slight dip as if I were now on the down swing...I felt like it was nice and got up and walked around a bit...about 10-30 minutes later, I'm not sure, I started feeling nauseous again...I went to my puke bag and sat there for a while, until I stabilized...then I felt the warmth of the trip coming back up, and I went to change music as the cd had stopped...it was quite difficult to change cds, but I did...and then...it began...it wasn't even like tripping, it was like madness, like religious ecstasy...

I felt a second consciousness enter my body, something alien...it was in me and dimensions expanded, my closed eye range of vision became 270 or so degrees...I started hallucinating intensely...there was a light behind the flowing geometric patterns over everything...trees grew red fruit which glowed and curled around...buildings melted, the sky changed colors...spatial dimensions started wildly expanding and contracting...I was looking out the window and the window of the house opposite became a mouth that spoke and exploded and screamed DMT and made all sorts of bizarre humming noises...it wanted me to understand its glory and it shattered my ego and left me broken in pieces...my body felt disconnected; I couldn't keep straight where my arms and parts of my head were...I took a blanket and prostrated myself on the ground...the rush was incredible...I felt like I had found my heroin...I prayed..it was pure religious ecstasy, the feeling of something else being inside me, not being alone for the first time...it was absolute, unadulterated madness...awe-inspiring, transcendent, and profoundly disturbing.

I had some prior experience with mescaline in peyote buttons; a friend of mine and myself had taken a camping trip (a retreat from society and our families) and had eaten three medium sized buttons at the time, which resulted in three lost days, and waking up surrounded by dead forest creatures almost four miles from our campsite.

This trip was much more pleasant indeed.

At the time of this trip, I had experienced all other 'major' drugs, including but not limited to: alcohol, thc in marijuana and hashish form, crack cocaine, cocaine, heroin, morphine, opium, lsd, psylocybin, dmt, amt, raw ethyl ether, methylphenidate (a.k.a. ritalin), amphetamine, methamphetamine, dextromethorphan, gamma hydroxybuterate (ghb), mdma (ecstasy), 'foxy methoxy', nitrous oxide, and wormwood exctract (in real absinthe). I considered myself a well-versed drug user, as I had been using since a fairly early age and had a wide range of experience.

I was seventeen, and a senior in high school. It was winter break. To understand where I am coming from, the reader should know that I love music; creating music, listening to music, analyzing music, et cetera. My favourite genre is metal, mostly intense heavy fast (obnoxious to most people) powerviolence/grindcore/death metal. I was in a hardcore metal band at that point in time, as a drummer, and I believe that this experience helped my skills as a drummer, strange as that may seem.

Enough foreplay. I had two 600 mg capsules of mescaline that a friend who is also a biochemist had given to me to celebrate winter break (damn nice gift). Being as I'd been shooting heroin for more than two years off and on, I was cocky about my ability to reckon with hard drugs, but still I was cautious. I took some anti-nausea medicine that my psychologist had prescribed to me months previous, at a dose that I don't remember. The chemical is called 'terazosin' and is available by prescription. It works really damn well.

I ingested the terazosin nigh an hour and a half before ingesting the mescaline. I had eaten a small meal of white rice and vegetables maybe an hour prior to ingesting the terazosin, as I knew taking anything on an empty stomach was just asking for trouble.

Confident with the terazosin's effects, I popped the mescaline caps and downed a glass of skim milk. I knew a few tricks with other drugs to increase intensity, for instance ingesting vitamin C to boost an acid trip, but I knew next to nothing about enhancing one's mescaline experience at that point in time. I did know that it usually fucked with your stomach.

I tend to be impatient with drugs, especially with hallucinogens. I'm always angry 45 minutes after dropping acid when all I see is a trail on my cigarette, but then about 10 minutes afterwards I can barely think about anything else. Approximately 25 minutes had passed since ingesting the mescaline before I felt a small body buzz, which I generally didn't associate with mescaline, because I then considered it to be a 'lab drug,' since it was in pure form. I connected body buzzes with natural drugs like opium or mushrooms.

The body buzz rapidly multiplied in intensity over the next 20 minutes or so. I began to glimpse movement in my peripheral vision, even though I was alone in my room with a book. I decided to turn on some music, and I think perhaps the reason I like such crappy music can be partially attributed to this trip. I flipped on some grindcore, which really is just noise by any musical standard, and just lay on my back on the futon in my room attempting to absorb the music through my pores. For some strange reason, angry and loud fast-paced music tends to put me in a relaxed and euphoric state of mind, instead of giving me an adrenaline rush.

Unexpectedly, I heard a sound that I couldn't discern at first. It sounded like it was coming from across my house, so I stood up and began to walk to my door when I realized that it was my cell phone ringing in my pocket. Relieved, I slumped back down on the futon in a quick movement as I picked up the phone, which resulted in prompt what I call 'mindfuck' effects. I'm not sure what I heard or saw at that point in time, but apparently I was breathing heavily for a few minutes into the receiver while my friend attempted to get my attention.

My friend, whom I will refer to as M to ensure anonymity, talked with me (I think?) for a couple of minutes, but I could barely hear him over the music. I remember mumbling that he should get his ass over to my house, and hanging up and turning off my phone.

It had been about an hour since I had ingested the mescaline, and the body buzz felt as though it was migrating up my spine (I thought of the line from A Clockwork Orange 'slow malenky lizards') crawling up my back into the base of my brain, and as soon as it hit the base of my brain, it SLAMMED into the front of it and then took over. Colours began melding into eachother, as if everything I looked at was some sort of ancient woven tapestry that would unravel if I jerked my eyes quickly enough. I remember being fascinated by the visualization on my computer. The song changed and immediately the sound of the intro connected itself to my visuals, and my entire reality unwove itself. I felt myself sinking into oblivion, but in a pleasant and slow pulsing sort of way. I laid down on my futon and put my feet up. With the rapid double-bass pedaling of the drummer in the band I was listening to, everything I looked at made itself into its original shape, dissipated into the ether of my room, and rematerlized that quickly.

M arrived what turns out to have been only 10 minutes later (he lived incredibly close by). It felt to me as though the phone call had been days ago, but as soon as he told me that we had just spoken, I remembered, and time came back into my understanding. I had a short moment of clarity, in which I marvelled at the fact that my stomach felt great. I told M to turn off the lights in my room and turn on my blacklights. Unfortunately, I didn't have any cool blacklight posters, but I do some fucked up abstract art when I do coke or speed, and a lot of it has highlighter in it because that glows in blacklight. I'd posted them all over my ceiling, and the glowing words and images were all I could see..or hear? Was I hearing the glow?

M turned down the music and attempted to talk to me. My native language is French, and this took place in America, and M only spoke English, so whether I was babbling in French or in some nonsense language (French could be considered one of these), I know not, but I was completely unable to establish communication with him.

M attempted to get me off my futon and go for a walk, but I told him that I was enjoying myself where I was.

Then the moment of clarity disappeared instantaneously, and the cloth that made up my futon felt as though it was unraveling and re-weaving itself around me in a chrysalis type of formation. M was certain I had either done way too much acid or that I was having a mental breakdown, so he grabbed a glass of water for me and a stiff drink for himself and came and sat on my floor with me.

The visuals lasted for another two and a half hours, after which they tapered off without fluctuation (like I get with acid sometimes), for another hour and a quarter. After this, it felt as though the pressure on my brain was creeping down my back again, and being absorbed into the fabric that was my futon.

I baselined approximately five and a quarter hours after I began tripping, which means almost six hours after I ingested the dose.

I carefully explained to M at that point that our mutual friend (the biochemist) had given me some mescaline, but he was unsure what that was, and I was tired and didn't feel like getting into it.

I sat up and got a small burst of energy which I decided to channel into drumming. When I got down the stairs to my drumset, I felt as though I had absorbed the technique of the drummers of the bands we had been listening to over the course of my trip and his drunken stupor.

I pulled a really good five minute continuous drum riff, at which point my father came rushing down the stairs; whoops...I had forgotten they were home and asleep.

All in all, I would say mescaline is my favourite hallucinogen, but it tends to be exceedingly difficult to get one's hands on.

I had some prior experience with mescaline in peyote buttons; a friend of mine and myself had taken a camping trip (a retreat from society and our families) and had eaten three medium sized buttons at the time, which resulted in three lost days, and waking up surrounded by dead forest creatures almost four miles from our campsite.

This trip was much more pleasant indeed.

At the time of this trip, I had experienced all other 'major' drugs, including but not limited to: alcohol, thc in marijuana and hashish form, crack cocaine, cocaine, heroin, morphine, opium, lsd, psylocybin, dmt, amt, raw ethyl ether, methylphenidate (a.k.a. ritalin), amphetamine, methamphetamine, dextromethorphan, gamma hydroxybuterate (ghb), mdma (ecstasy), 'foxy methoxy', nitrous oxide, and wormwood exctract (in real absinthe). I considered myself a well-versed drug user, as I had been using since a fairly early age and had a wide range of experience.

I was seventeen, and a senior in high school. It was winter break. To understand where I am coming from, the reader should know that I love music; creating music, listening to music, analyzing music, et cetera. My favourite genre is metal, mostly intense heavy fast (obnoxious to most people) powerviolence/grindcore/death metal. I was in a hardcore metal band at that point in time, as a drummer, and I believe that this experience helped my skills as a drummer, strange as that may seem.

Enough foreplay. I had two 600 mg capsules of mescaline that a friend who is also a biochemist had given to me to celebrate winter break (damn nice gift). Being as I'd been shooting heroin for more than two years off and on, I was cocky about my ability to reckon with hard drugs, but still I was cautious. I took some anti-nausea medicine that my psychologist had prescribed to me months previous, at a dose that I don't remember. The chemical is called 'terazosin' and is available by prescription. It works really damn well.

I ingested the terazosin nigh an hour and a half before ingesting the mescaline. I had eaten a small meal of white rice and vegetables maybe an hour prior to ingesting the terazosin, as I knew taking anything on an empty stomach was just asking for trouble.

Confident with the terazosin's effects, I popped the mescaline caps and downed a glass of skim milk. I knew a few tricks with other drugs to increase intensity, for instance ingesting vitamin C to boost an acid trip, but I knew next to nothing about enhancing one's mescaline experience at that point in time. I did know that it usually fucked with your stomach.

I tend to be impatient with drugs, especially with hallucinogens. I'm always angry 45 minutes after dropping acid when all I see is a trail on my cigarette, but then about 10 minutes afterwards I can barely think about anything else. Approximately 25 minutes had passed since ingesting the mescaline before I felt a small body buzz, which I generally didn't associate with mescaline, because I then considered it to be a 'lab drug,' since it was in pure form. I connected body buzzes with natural drugs like opium or mushrooms.

The body buzz rapidly multiplied in intensity over the next 20 minutes or so. I began to glimpse movement in my peripheral vision, even though I was alone in my room with a book. I decided to turn on some music, and I think perhaps the reason I like such crappy music can be partially attributed to this trip. I flipped on some grindcore, which really is just noise by any musical standard, and just lay on my back on the futon in my room attempting to absorb the music through my pores. For some strange reason, angry and loud fast-paced music tends to put me in a relaxed and euphoric state of mind, instead of giving me an adrenaline rush.

Unexpectedly, I heard a sound that I couldn't discern at first. It sounded like it was coming from across my house, so I stood up and began to walk to my door when I realized that it was my cell phone ringing in my pocket. Relieved, I slumped back down on the futon in a quick movement as I picked up the phone, which resulted in prompt what I call 'mindfuck' effects. I'm not sure what I heard or saw at that point in time, but apparently I was breathing heavily for a few minutes into the receiver while my friend attempted to get my attention.

My friend, whom I will refer to as M to ensure anonymity, talked with me (I think?) for a couple of minutes, but I could barely hear him over the music. I remember mumbling that he should get his ass over to my house, and hanging up and turning off my phone.

It had been about an hour since I had ingested the mescaline, and the body buzz felt as though it was migrating up my spine (I thought of the line from A Clockwork Orange 'slow malenky lizards') crawling up my back into the base of my brain, and as soon as it hit the base of my brain, it SLAMMED into the front of it and then took over. Colours began melding into eachother, as if everything I looked at was some sort of ancient woven tapestry that would unravel if I jerked my eyes quickly enough. I remember being fascinated by the visualization on my computer. The song changed and immediately the sound of the intro connected itself to my visuals, and my entire reality unwove itself. I felt myself sinking into oblivion, but in a pleasant and slow pulsing sort of way. I laid down on my futon and put my feet up. With the rapid double-bass pedaling of the drummer in the band I was listening to, everything I looked at made itself into its original shape, dissipated into the ether of my room, and rematerlized that quickly.

M arrived what turns out to have been only 10 minutes later (he lived incredibly close by). It felt to me as though the phone call had been days ago, but as soon as he told me that we had just spoken, I remembered, and time came back into my understanding. I had a short moment of clarity, in which I marvelled at the fact that my stomach felt great. I told M to turn off the lights in my room and turn on my blacklights. Unfortunately, I didn't have any cool blacklight posters, but I do some fucked up abstract art when I do coke or speed, and a lot of it has highlighter in it because that glows in blacklight. I'd posted them all over my ceiling, and the glowing words and images were all I could see..or hear? Was I hearing the glow?

M turned down the music and attempted to talk to me. My native language is French, and this took place in America, and M only spoke English, so whether I was babbling in French or in some nonsense language (French could be considered one of these), I know not, but I was completely unable to establish communication with him.

M attempted to get me off my futon and go for a walk, but I told him that I was enjoying myself where I was.

Then the moment of clarity disappeared instantaneously, and the cloth that made up my futon felt as though it was unraveling and re-weaving itself around me in a chrysalis type of formation. M was certain I had either done way too much acid or that I was having a mental breakdown, so he grabbed a glass of water for me and a stiff drink for himself and came and sat on my floor with me.

The visuals lasted for another two and a half hours, after which they tapered off without fluctuation (like I get with acid sometimes), for another hour and a quarter. After this, it felt as though the pressure on my brain was creeping down my back again, and being absorbed into the fabric that was my futon.

I baselined approximately five and a quarter hours after I began tripping, which means almost six hours after I ingested the dose.

I carefully explained to M at that point that our mutual friend (the biochemist) had given me some mescaline, but he was unsure what that was, and I was tired and didn't feel like getting into it.

I sat up and got a small burst of energy which I decided to channel into drumming. When I got down the stairs to my drumset, I felt as though I had absorbed the technique of the drummers of the bands we had been listening to over the course of my trip and his drunken stupor.

I pulled a really good five minute continuous drum riff, at which point my father came rushing down the stairs; whoops...I had forgotten they were home and asleep.

All in all, I would say mescaline is my favourite hallucinogen, but it tends to be exceedingly difficult to get one's hands on.


Having a fair bit of experience with LSD and DMT, I wanted to try something new for New Years Eve. My friend and I each took 500mg of mescaline HCL which we put into gelatin capsules. Having read that mescaline causes nausea I took it with 30ml of Pepto Bismol. He took 15ml at first. We were accompanied by another friend who took 2 tabs of LSD (rated at 100ug each). My friend and I are relatively small people, about 120lbs and 5'5'. I am on 10mg of escitalopram, he isn't on any medication. The friend who took the two tabs is on 20mg of citalopram.

Effects are noticed within the first 30 minutes. It hits about 10 minutes before my friend who took acid felt anything. As the effects build, so does the nausea. It is quite bearable, mostly an upset stomach and general discomfort. I note that the mescaline is very different from acid in terms of how it hits. It is constant and gradual. There doesn't seem to be any peaks or high points like my friend on two tabs is experiencing. He's cranked up and energetic, while my friend and I feel incredibly peaceful.
I note that the mescaline is very different from acid in terms of how it hits. It is constant and gradual. There doesn't seem to be any peaks or high points like my friend on two tabs is experiencing. He's cranked up and energetic, while my friend and I feel incredibly peaceful.
The visuals are fairly strong as far the visuals I've experienced on acid were like. Christmas lights outside seem brighter, everything is breathing/warping, and when I look at my carpet with flower patterns on it, it appears as though the flowers are swaying within the wind.

The effects continuously build in intensity. About two hours in, my nausea is gone. My friend still feels ill, and takes another 15ml of pepto bismol. Within 30 minutes he's totally fine. If I were to do this again, I think going above the recommended 30ml to something like 45ml would have been more effective. Neither of us felt all that uncomfortable though, and neither of us felt the need to vomit, so I suppose that was a happy success.

It is interesting to note that relative to LSD, mescaline does not seem to affect one's cognitive abilities nearly as much. A little focus is all that I required to have a regular conversation and appear normal. I didn't necessarily have the desire to do so, as it is much more enjoyable to be silent and take things in, but purchasing cigarettes was a far simpler matter on mescaline than when peaking on LSD.

At about the 3 hour mark, my friend on mescaline smokes some marijuana. I smoke a moderate amount of 5FUR144, a synthetic cannabinoid that acts like marijuana at low doses, and more like acid at high doses (synesthesia, mild hallucinations). We both begin to see tracers. The effect is quite like looking at stereoscopic 3D image that requires red and blue glasses to see. Outlines around everything are obscured by multicolored tracers.

This effects subside after 30 minutes or so, and we are back to the standard effects of the mescaline. A wonderful sense of calm, enhanced colors, warping of patterns, and breathing. Our friend on acid eventually leaves, and we are about 4 hours into the mescaline. Its feeling as though it is more or less leveling off, so we decide to turn things up. We each take one tab of LSD rated at 100ug each.

We feel the acid quickly. The calmness of the mescaline is being overridden by the speedy edginess of acid. Our visuals start getting much stronger. Color intensity is 3 times that of the mescaline alone. Mild LSD-like fractals appear in patterns on the ceiling, but to a fairly minor extent. When the heating system within the house turns on, I hear fast and beautiful guitar solos within my head. My friend of course does not hear them, it is merely my mind re-interpreting generic whirr of the rushing air as something very beautiful. The music sounds like nothing I've ever heard before. Its very fast and intricate. I'd never be able to replicate it on paper or hum it, as it is going so quickly, and I don't have the necessary musical talent to transcribe it.

About an hour or so into the acid (or so I believe, we haven't been paying as much time to the clocks aside from whether or not the new year has arrived) we freebase about 50 mnother 50 mg out of 'the machine', which is effectively a glorified crack pipe with some steel wool. It did not hit anything like DMT typically does. The changeg between the two of us off of tinfoil, and then a in visuals were very, very minimal. However, the change in our headspace was drastic. The edginess of the acid was totally removed, to be replaced with the sort of single mindedness that DMT provides. The calm from the mescaline was back stronger than it was before. The next 40 minutes or so feel like a prolonged DMT trip with the mescaline/LSD hybridized visuals. This is very enjoyable, and seems to redirect the trip from a general craziness into a focused and calm direction of external information. Its hard to put into words.

As the effects of the DMT seem to subside, I elect to smoke a rather substantial portion of 5FUR144, and my friend smokes the last of his marijuana. He also takes a very small amount of 5FUR144.

At this point things get crazy.

My visuals immediately go into hyperdrive. The tracers come back 7 or 8 times stronger. The edges around my friend are warping along the edges of his face, flowing along his bone and muscle structure. The traces are constantly changing color, and consist of 3-4 layers in constant movement that look much like something from apocolypto, or Maori tattoos. His hair is warping and twisting, he looks very intense, with this sort of psychedelic warpaint superimposed over him.

Looking around the room, things seem to be resembling 'mayan' or 'incan' art. I am not a religious person. I used to be a hard-line atheist, and prior to this experience I would describe myself as agnostic - open to the idea of a higher power, but absolutely opposed to any organized religious interpretation of what that power is. I've always viewed chemicals as chemicals. Mescaline was just another drug. At this point, the imagery I'm seeing my carpet get warped into, is so strikingly similar to ancient runes and designs from that region of the world I begin to have my doubts. My friend looks like some sort of ancient warrior, and the plant behind him is warping into amazing designs, that at the time seemed to be very mathematically designed.

We put on some white noise in the background. We both stop talking for the majority of the next 3 hours. We both are overwhelmed by sensory input and experience an amazing euphoria.

I hear constant piano solos and other forms of incredibly intricate music within my mind. The synesthesia I experience is beautiful. I look at something with lots of color and hear more noise. I look at something simple, and the noise is greatly reduced. Everything I look at has this amazing, beautiful simplicity to it. My friend and I feel that the room we are in is perfect in every single way. As I look to my ceiling, I see incredibly intricate fractals being formed out of the material of the ceiling.
I look at something simple, and the noise is greatly reduced. Everything I look at has this amazing, beautiful simplicity to it. My friend and I feel that the room we are in is perfect in every single way. As I look to my ceiling, I see incredibly intricate fractals being formed out of the material of the ceiling.


They are constantly changing, and wonderfully complex. They tessellate with one another, and are beyond virtually anything I have ever seen online. I am able to control them with my mind, and can have them form anything I imagine within my minds eye. Over the course of the three hours, I find myself contemplating things about life, humanity, god, and the universe. I feel as though I'm lost within the imagination of my childhood, and before me, my every thought is animated on the ceiling.

The most profound portion of this experience was when my friend and I were looking at my bookshelf. We were so overwhelmed by this incredible sense of calm, wisdom, and knowledge. It was strange, without even opening the books, we felt better. Smarter. A sense of acceptance and peace that I have never felt close to in my life. It was incredibly fulfilling and spiritual. I felt amazing. It simply cannot be put into words. I recall thinking to myself, 'This is why we have artists. To put feelings and emotions into forms that cannot be expressed by words'. I am still able to recall that calm. It is the closest I have ever had to a religious experience.
It is the closest I have ever had to a religious experience.
In that moment, I said to my friend 'If acid makes me feel beyond a doubt there is no god, mescaline makes me think that if he does exist, he sure loves math and fractals'.

After the three hours, things went back to the standard mescaline visuals of warping and mild color intensity. We smoke 5FUR144 a few more times and get similar, though lesser in intensity experiences.

I can honestly say this was one of the best experiences of my life. I have never expected this from any sort of drug. All in all, things lasted about 10 hours. I took a codeine/acetaminophen tablet before heading to bed and was able to fall asleep within 1-2 hours. My friend did not take one and was up for the rest of the night (about 7 hours).

Before you begin reading this story, there are certain aspects of my life that you must understand: first, this was my first encounter with LSD and MDMA; second, I am writing about this experience after experimenting with LSD four additional times following this trip; third, prior to this occurrence I have limited my drug use to what I will call more ‘organic’ methods (i.e. ganja and mushrooms). My subscription to this school of thought has changed into a quasi-I’ll-do-this-but-not-that-for-x-and-y-reasons which will become clear later. Finally, I shared this journey with a dear friend (we shall call him R) who has explored his mind with both MDMA and LSD on various occasions.

Let us now investigate how these drugs came into our possession (an aspect of this story which unintentionally brought the MDMA into our space). While preparing for our journey, R and I planned on taking two tabs of LSD each; after calling up R’s friend, we were enlightened to the fact that he had both LSD and MDMA in his possession. Because I had only planned on experiencing LSD once, I agreed to try both. We met R’s friend and picked up 4 tabs and 4 pills in total. In hopes of experiencing these drugs to their full potential (which I will later realize was a naive assertion), R and I headed to New York City where we would attend the last sets of a music festival and a DJ set/after party and then ultimately crash at my apartment.

Before heading to the events, we made a pit stop at my apartment where we would prepare and consume our newfound delights. R cut up the tabs and we placed them under our tongues. The time was approximately 8:30PM. We continued to get ready to leave—approximately 30 minutes after taking the tabs we ingested one MDMA pill each. It should be noted that throughout the onset of both drugs we smoked approximately .5 gram of ganja from a vaporizer. To pass the time, I opened my computer and selected an eclectic selection of music (Mr. Oizo, Franz List, Flying Lotus, Animal Collective). Approximately 20 minutes passed and I looked over at R. His pupils were extremely dilated and he expressed odd sensations throughout his body. My pupils remained at a normal size; my body felt completely normal, although I became aware of various instruments and sounds in the music which I had never before noticed. I was enjoying this already.

R continued to revel in his newfound high as the intense sensations of the MDMA and visual hallucinations from the LSD crept into his body and mind. During this period I was overcome by an intense chill and slight nausea. I was quite aware of what I had just ingested, and I thus allowed these feelings to enter my body. I knew if I was to attack or suppress the feelings I would lead myself down a dark path which would only lead to a bad trip. I put my nausea on a pedestal and reveled in the power of such a silly feeling. Without notice, R turned off the lights in hopes of changing the mood. It worked—this is when my experience began to truly sprout. I turned up the music and closed my eyes for a moment. Just as I did this, I felt a pleasant energy growing inside me.

This energy continued to develop as a wave of happiness and joy fell over my presence. The energy felt like a candle glowing in a dark room where its light filled the room with a subtle glow of serenity. As I examined this feeling R suggested that we dance in the darkness. As the words rolled off his tongue there was nothing I would have rather been doing. I jumped out of my seat and began a trance-like dance to Ratatat. As R and I danced, I felt my emotions follow the buildup of the song (Cherry).

As we reached the climax of the song I closed my eyes as the energy inside me intensified. Finally, as the song exploded my body was filled with a raw, beautiful feeling which can only be described with one word: ecstasy. I now understood why the drug was given its name. In effect, I was gripped by feelings of pure, unadulterated bliss and happiness. The music rippled through every molecule in my body as I swayed back and forth. Each sound wave brought new feeling and emotion into my heart. R and I continued to dance as I focused on this amazing feeling that had taken hold of my body. At 10:15PM we decided that we should probably get ready to go. R turned on the light and I walked over to the computer.

I noticed that I had a difficult time focusing on the pulsating words of my music library. My attention shifted towards my recently bookmarked websites as I attempted to pull up some art to feast my eyes upon. As the picture (artwork by Alex Grey) appeared in front of my eyes, I was intrigued by a feeling that it was actually alive. The painting grabbed my attention and sucked me deep into its consciousness. While I had previously ‘tripped’ on mushrooms, I had never witnessed such an event. The hallucinations began to intensify as I lost myself in the pulsating colors. I found myself creating the story of the image in my head as I walked through its journey in our world. I thought: who really created this image? No man alone could create something so powerful. God must have been involved. The image raised itself from the screen and came to me. I could do nothing but chuckle. I felt humbled by this artist’s talent. To this day (1 mushroom and four LSD experiences later), I have yet to experience art in such a way. By in large, this was one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. I continued to stare at the image until I was brought back to reality by R.

R expressed a desire to leave and I expressed a longing to stay for a bit longer to enjoy the artwork. To appease us both, he said we could stay longer if we ingested the second MDMA pill. I agreed. As R prepared our second dosing, I began to feel an odd quirk in my jaw. I noticed that as I was speaking my bottom lip/jaw would shift to the right. While not alarming, I was certainly intrigued. I began to discuss the many feelings I was experiencing with R as they continued to blossom inside me. During my examination of the ongoing shifts in my demeanor, I noticed that my trip was about to take a new direction.

My general behavior shifted dramatically as I had an increasing desire to sit and speak with R for no other reason than to discuss varying matters in our lives and how they relate to the world around us. This desire quickly grew into an obsession—I was unwilling to do anything but sit and open our minds to this new portal which I was previously blind to. Before I fully discuss this part of our trip, I must give you a disclaimer: many of the ‘actualizations’ that R and I experienced during this part of our trip are specific to R and I. Thus, I will refrain from discussing them all. I will however say that I have never had such an enlightening experience in my life.

While my mood continued to shift, I could feel my body reacting to the oncoming experience. Aside from the quirk in my jaw, parts of my body began to feel foreign. I’ve discussed this feeling with R on numerous occasions and I have come to the conclusion that my movements and general demeanor were extremely passionate and unrefined—in effect, my unreserved movements directly reflected whatever emotion or feeling I was attempting to express. After a final back-and-forth regarding the second pill, we each ingested the MDMA and began on a spiritual journey into the depths of our minds.

Despite our original agreement, R continued to plague me about leaving so we could go to the party and smoke a cigarette outside. I told him that I would allow him to smoke the cigarette inside if he just permitted me to sit with my thoughts for a moment. R sat across the table from me as he quietly enjoyed his cigarette. When he was finished, he set it on the table in front of me. As he did this I felt drawn to the butt of the cigarette. I picked it up in my hand and held it between my pointer finger and thumb. As I held the cigarette I began to feel a strange force transfer from the cigarette to my body.

I looked at R as I expressed this odd sensation. With a puzzled look, R said: “What are you talking about dude?” I replied: “R, I don’t know how to fully describe this feeling, but this cigarette is extremely powerful.” Once again, we looked at each other and were at a loss for words. All of a sudden, I realized that the more that R and I interacted, the more intense the force from the cigarette felt. Instead of relating this, I asked R why he enjoyed smoking cigarettes so much. Instead of being authentic, R declared that he enjoyed smoking them because “they get me more fucked up.” I knew he was telling a half-truth. After a short confrontation, R became a bit annoyed at my prodding. I then noticed that I was squeezing the cigarette tightly as my body rocked back and forth. As I observed my peculiar movements, I had a realization concerning R’s metaphysical relationship to finding his ‘next high’ and constantly wishing he was somewhere he wasn’t. While I thought this over, I was subconsciously crushing the cigarette until I was left with just the fibers and glue of the filter.

I stood up and walked over to R and asked him to sit down on the couch with me. As we sat on the chair I took his hands and grasped them as tightly as I could. He returned the gesture—while gritting my teeth and sliding my jaw to the side, I passionately posed a rhetorical question: “Why can’t we appreciate the space we are in right now? Why do we have to smoke more weed? Smoke more cigarettes? Is there some objectifiable feeling that warrants such selfish desires?” We stood up and started squeezing each other’s hand with even more force than just moments ago. My voice and demeanor became more ferocious as I continued speaking. “Unless we can appreciate the moment we are in right now, we will never be able to appreciate the next cigarette or next pull of weed because we are always yearning for what’s next, no matter how satisfied we may or may not be! Instead of actually living, we are constantly preoccupied with what we have convinced ourselves will make us live ‘more.’ The only result of such an absurd mindset is that we end up not living at all.” R and I continued our back and forth for a few moments until I finally felt satisfied with my short tirade.

R and I sat back and ingested what had just happened. It quickly became apparent that our plans for the night were about to change—the goal of tonight no longer was to ‘trip balls’ and have a good time at a music festival—instead, R and I were about to take a journey that would transform our lives forever. While attempting to digest this reality, I realized that I had to urinate. I got up from the couch and meandered over to the bathroom, often stopping to observe the newfound intricacies of my surroundings. After relieving myself, I turned on the faucet to wash my hands. Although the water was gushing out of the sink, I felt as if I could feel each individual droplet of water slide off the palms of my hands. It was delightful and intriguing at the same time. I splashed the water on my face, accompanied by a refreshing and slippery sensation over my eyes and cheeks.

After this delightful encounter with water, I looked up into the mirror. At first, I was most intrigued by the angularity of my jaw—something which I had never noticed. My cheeks were quite flush and my facial hair was extremely pronounced. I studied this for a moment until I looked into my eyes. Expecting to be greeted by two dilated pupils, I was instead alarmed to find that my left eye was almost completely closed. As a side note, I must mention that I have a severe astigmatism in my left eye—a struggle I have dealt with my entire life. When I am extremely tired I can look in the mirror and notice a slight dip in my left eyelid, but never anything as extreme as what I had just witnessed. At the time, R refrained from informing me as to not alarm or frighten me.

As I gazed at myself in the mirror, I realized why this was occurring. This experience was not about looking at the pretty visuals—instead, I felt as if I had been employed by an external force to look inwards instead of outwards. Although I felt that I had partially had this realization, this solidified my original hypothesis. I have also theorized (in retrospect), that perhaps my left eye closed and my third eye opened. I continued to stare at myself as I leaned closer into the mirror in hopes of studying the eye that remained open. Before I discuss this eye, I must first mention that I have witnessed my own dilated pupils before in their own definitive glory. However, as I looked into my eye I noticed something different; not only was my pupil the size of a small coin, but it seemed to contain an entire new dimension. I looked deep into my pupil and it seemed to go on forever. There were no objects to allow me to perceive the actual depth of what I was witnessing, but I had a feeling of infinite space.

This sensation of immeasurable space quickly translated itself into limitless potential. I realized that my sight (up until this point) had simply become a distraction to my life goals. I have often noticed that my physical and mental bodies have been deeply distracted by the more tangible realities of my surroundings. Instead of appreciating the spiritual importance of every object, I see what is in front of me, I study it for its physical properties, then attempt to move on. I then told myself that never again would I be so quick to judge anything I encountered—whether that is a human, an object, or otherworldly force. Instead, as I stood in front of the mirror, I made a vow to do my best to retract myself from my own distracting obsession with the more tangible.

While I came to grips with my new reality, I noticed that I had been in the bathroom for quite some time. I exited the bathroom, briefly looked at the clock (11:20PM) and found R patiently waiting for my return. I sat at the computer and lowered the music. It was at this point that I had another realization: it was acceptable for me to use drugs that didn’t necessarily grow from the ground. While I had no intention of abusing them, I became aware that these substances were just as significant to personal growth as some of the plants I had ingested. It was ridiculous for me to bar them from my body, let alone judge those who used these substances. While I still refrain from using purely feel-good drugs, I have come to the conclusion that LSD and similar substances can be used without the threat of entirely ruining my spiritual connection with the earth.

What happened next was much to my expectation: R and I sat and spoke for a continuous 5.5-6 hours until the intense effects of the LSD subsided. Within this time frame, subjects of varying subject matters were discussed. These included: our relationship with drugs (I had smoked ganja almost every day for a few months), our familial relationships, ego battles, and many other subjects that we felt were holding us back from fully appreciating and engaging in life. The issues that we discussed were not fully resolved, but they have allowed R and me to point our emotions and mental capacities in a new direction. For this, I am eternally grateful.

At some point R and I went outside—colors were extremely pronounced, but the rain and cold were holding me back from fully enjoying the experience. By 7:30AM the ‘trip’ was over. I fell asleep around 8AM and woke up at 12PM. I was certainly still feeling the afterglow and my brain felt somewhat out of place in my head. This feeling continued until 3PM that afternoon. While not an entirely pleasant feeling, it was not uncomfortable.

Throughout the day I was filled with feelings of intense love and joy. After returning home, I attended a family gathering at my family’s house. There was no place I would have rather been. Here, I found myself connecting to my family on an entirely new level. I was much more engaged in our conversations and I had a deeper concern for everyone’s well being. This afterglow lasted through most of the next day and continually subsided throughout the week. I will never be the same. Peace and love.

Monday
We had some time off so my partner and I decided to trip, at about one in the afternoon we dropped our acid (my partner had 5 tabs and I had 2, being the little thing that I am), and started to have amazing sex. We both loved sex on acid before and thought that doing it to come up would be fun….it was…until we both came and instantly got catapulted into a really heavy body load, the trip was getting heavier by the second our heads rushing and spinning. We were overwhelmed by the sudden mind and body fuck after being so intimately joined together, we were thrust a part feeling pretty rotten really. We stumbled around going ‘oh fuck’ watching the room twist and bend.

My partner instantly felt nauseous and rushed to the bathroom, seeing him urge made me feel sicky too. Our bathroom has a crazy ass floral pattern all over the walls of the tiny toilet, plus the floor is a trippy shaded tessellation that makes my eyes go really funny. We spent the next 10 mins or so dry heaving and retching until we both gave up and decided to ignore it and go back to bed.

We were both fine for a bit curled up in bed listening to Younger Brother, talking about shit and laughing at the ceiling. The music was the entire trip, forming the room and creating patterns and stories on the ceiling, it was quite intense at times and was very fun, so clear and precise to listen to the psychedelic rollercoaster. As we began to peak I started to feel odd, like I’d lost me. Even with my partner reassuring me I thought I’d lost all sanity and would never get it back…I was so scared. My partner cuddled me up and held me tight for ages; we went to our spare room to watch the clouds out the window, they were kaleidoscopic, shifting like Escher’s dragons in rainbow hues. This disturbed me a lot because my brain just couldn’t process anything that was going on.

I felt as though I would never be ‘right’ again, sudden rushes of memories would go past my eyes and a split second later I wouldn’t be able to remember exactly what they where just that they where important to me. I didn’t feel as if there was any past or future just what I had then and it scared me. Just feeling everything from second to second was odd and unpleasant, a constant experience flowing through me a constant ‘now’. My partner at this time was reassuring me trying to help me through it by saying I was all there and that I was complete.

Realising I really wasn’t feeling too grand on this trip my partner took me back to our bed, put on Sia and cuddled me so we where facing each other, with my legs wrapped around his waist and his legs under my bum. This was extremely comforting at the time and after a little while of looking into each others eyes and rubbing each others backs we both realised we fitted together like a jigsaw puzzle, both of us together made one complete piece. Also we each looked like each other, when I looked at my partner’s face I saw little bits of my face in him, quarters of our features and bodies where part of the other person. It was like looking at a picture of both of us morphed into one, slightly like a Picasso painting with triangular bisecting noses with segments of colour and texture…And my mind came back suddenly, my partner saw it drift around the room and the precise second he saw it enter my head my reality flooded back and everything was clear (except the funky visuals).

We both untangled ourselves and sat apart, I now hand over to my partner because this is his bit of the story

As we sat apart it felt as though the parts of us that had become each other were left behind, as I saw her mind return she became clear, in a sharp focus. Suddenly I felt as though while we had fitted together so neatly before, I was now fuzzy, like a child’s cartoon where all the lines wriggle a bit even when they’re meant to be still, I felt as though I didn’t fit neatly anymore. That I was a rough fit to my precise, sharply defined partner. I felt like a small child, foolish for trying to fit when it was clear I wasn’t correct. But I wanted to fit, it wasn’t right that I didn’t, I knew I should.

My partner went to the toilet, I followed her there confused as to why I was no longer the right fit. Somehow within my head it seemed as though the music hade made us fit together so perfectly during sex, but for some unknown reason at this time I was found wanting in regards to fitting precisely. I felt rejected and refused to accept that I didn’t fit with her, that I wasn’t right. Things are very confusing from this point onward; I can’t totally remember the order of events, while I was compellingly locked into the trip regardless of how I felt about it. I was scared that my partner wouldn’t want to be with me if I wasn’t right, concerned that I was no longer important to her I wasn’t too sure what was going on but I didn’t know if we were still together or what was or had been going on all the time.

While in the bathroom I felt mirrored to my partner, as did she to me. It was difficult to tell where bits of us and each other were within one another. Talking to her on the toilet I felt like we were an old and infirm couple caring for each other, while walking back to the bedroom through the kitchen we became younger; 50-somethings in the bathroom becoming 20-30-somethings in the kitchen and hallway. The situation confused me, I felt like I was being tricked somehow, though I didn’t know how or why. My movements were compelled by the music and my thoughts; I had no true part in some of my movement. Visuals were real, and morphing our bodies and some of our surroundings. My partner’s hair changed colour, while mine went grey. I felt like I was being accused of not caring enough or something like it, as we got younger returning to the bedroom it somehow seemed as though I was being tricked or deceived into being uncaring, thinking only of sex. It made perfect sense at the time; I didn’t feel worthy or right, but I wanted to show I truly cared as I do. As we walked forward through the rooms our appearances changed with each step, I became slightly rough once pushing her back saying’ no!’ trying to reverse the hallucinations, it was bewildering to say the least.

I embraced my partner at one point, my forehead to hers, sensing her third eye opening into mine, saying “come into me” attempting to make us fit perfectly again, it still didn’t seem quite right. Feeling destitute and despairing of what to do I felt cast out and slumped on my knees leaning on the bed. At once my ego instantly expanded to fill everything within the vacuum of outer space, spread out everywhere drifting through this total blackness. My partner cuddled and comforted me, but everything seemed so incredibly distant. I felt her compassion that even though I didn’t fit her right, she still looked after me.

Some Aphex Twin was playing though we can’t remember what song, feeling incredibly confused and detached from my surroundings and especially my partner it seemed as though the acid was a tool for seeing if we were suited to each other, whether we gelled right, or connected properly, if we did then the results were beautiful, but if not we would get thrown apart it seemed, it felt like my soul had a stiletto heel being ground into it which wasn’t especially comfortable. I felt like a small child that was so stupid for trying, that I just wasn’t any good. My partner called me ‘sweet-pea’ it seemed reassuring, but yet slightly as though she were trying to console or humour me, a failure. It did seem very kind that she still cared for me even though I wasn’t right. Incredibly intricate fractals were exploding, growing twisting and unfolding behind my eyelids, predominantly black from space with bright neon colours, shafts of light slicing and turning into very complex and totally awe-inspiring hallucinations. It was like the Squarepusher video for ‘Exploding Psychology’ except even more engrossingly complex; the music drove the psychedelic thunderstorm continuously.

Now I was unable to maintain any grasp or sense of time and sensation. It could have been ten minutes it could have been all I ever knew, apparently it was about 90-120 minutes. I was completely uncommunicative with my partner though at times on my part it felt as though I could read her thoughts, or project my feelings to her. I felt like my sense of self had been spread across the depths of space, floating around the cosmos surrounded by other consciousnesses, hoping to find a fit and be a complete being again. I was kneeling by the side of the bed with my head in my partners lap, she was crying though and some shouting went on it felt like it was because of me as I was wrong. At points she seemed slightly scary because I wasn’t right while she was so sweet and pure, like a motherly Earth figure caring for me.

Other times I felt that we were quite filthy, a mess, which I suppose at the time we were, but I usually feel great fucked. She put her hands in my mouth at one point, they tasted of ash so I bit them, quite hard apparently; it seemed like the right thing to do at the time though I am sorry I did it. All this time from her perspective I was staring into space, or at a spot two feet behind her head. When I did make eye contact it was only brief and impossible to maintain. Everything was shifting, images flowed from happy, to scary and sinister back to bright and technicoloured hallucinations, stories and fractals constantly evolving and changing. Synchronising with the music as they twisted around my head, through my brain and gripping my spine only to grow back up entwining my senses in a completely sublime synesthesia enveloping my ears, eyes, skin and mind.

My partner was panicking at this point unsure what to do having been trying to get a response out of me for so long and failing was a difficult experience. I was floating on the very edges of the universe, completely alone, surrounded by a sheer black void 360º with only a slight twinkling of stars light years away. When all of a sudden a voice said ‘hello C. you ok?’ in my ear, it sounded like an astronaut on his radio floating along attached to a shuttle, I sensed his reflective visor and knew something had come to find me. Feeling like the lowest form of life and not even complete. Sometime later after images of celestial forces and different plains of consciousness, ones I wasn’t allowed to get to, only observe others transcending to them.

I saw gods placing down consciousnesses into the heavens giving them essence and being. Others could ascend to be with the gods, but I could only look on, my mind received ideas and images from iridescent globes of energy the size of marbles that were absorbed, collecting from the power surrounding me, ran along the length of my long hair into my brain making it exquisitely warm and tingly where they merged into me. I could see these glowing orbs flowing into my partners head, but it felt like hers were different, that they were telling her that I wasn’t right for her, hence holding my head to her wanting her to receive my thoughts too. It seemed as though she did and sometimes I could will us together for a moment.

I stood up quickly and began to feel my ego returning to my controlled being, able to direct my attention and observe things rather than continually experience them. My mind came in from every corner of the universe as every single star rushed into between my eyes (like entering hyperspace but it was 360º around me, I could sense it all) making my body vibrate and buzz very strongly till it slowly subsided and I could see the room again. I was overcome with an incredibly strong sense of awe and happiness, I felt simply utterly amazing, on top of the world. I said “I’m confused” not totally sure what had just happened, uncertain as to how long everything had been. I saw my partner crying and was upset thinking I was the cause, which I guess I was, but not for why I thought.

I repeated “I’m confused” a few more times, my clarity of mind was complete and I was in control of all my senses but the smooth yet rather rapid return to myself had made me confused as to what had just happened and what was going on now. It was now around seven in the evening. We sat in the other room and my partner explained what had happened several times yet it still was very hard to completely grasp what everything was. I felt totally energised, there was no sleep tonight my head was on fire my mind alight with wonder bustling with hallucinogenic euphoria.

We went back to the bedroom and sat cuddled up facing each other wrapped around just as before hugging and rubbing our hands over each other. Once again we merged into one another, our limbs and faces being split and mirrored into quarters of each other like a chess board of body parts. It suddenly occurred to me that we were a complete single being when we were together, that the two of us go into making up each other, that it took both of us to make each other complete. I said ‘I never realised just how much of you goes into making up me’ and shed a few tears of happiness that I was with the one person who could make me feel totally complete. My partner was overwhelmed, so incredibly relieved at having me back, scared that she had nearly lost me over the past two hours, we sat and talked about what had just happened. I expressed my sincere apologies for scaring and putting her through that situation, thanking her greatly for comforting me throughout she made me feel so very safe the whole time.

We held eye contact practically the whole time. I found out how long everything had really been and that my partner had rung up a mutual friend for some help. To hear a sober normal voice, and for reassurance as my reality was totally detached from hers and there was only the two of us. The spaceman I heard had been my friend on the phone saying hello. His voice did help turning me somewhat back toward my self.

My partner’s experience of the situation was of course totally different.

After we walked back from the bathroom my partner stopped completely dead, staring behind me, I tried to make eye contact and had no response. It felt as though all sensory stimulation had been deprived. I could not get him to talk to me and asked him over and over what was wrong. My partner bent over slightly and I touched his hand, his fingers just slipped through mine, at this moment I felt as though my whole world had been ripped apart. I started sobbing and shouting at him to talk to me. After about half on hour of this (during this whole time I was obsessed with looking at the clock) I began to think there was something wrong with me, like I had gone insane and was perhaps stuck in my own head. It sort of felt as though my partner was trying to tell me something/ show me some thing and I was just too stupid to work out what. I lay on our bed watching him for a solid ten minutes not once did he move, I could barely see his chest moving as he breathed. I began to sob uncontrollably and closed my eyes hoping that when I opened them everything would be back to normal. Of course it wasn’t.

When I did finally open my eyes my partner was on his knees side on to the bed I shuffled to the end and hung my legs over the side I just needed him to say one word to let me know he was okay. But he stayed silent. I put his head in my lap and stroked his hair trying to comfort myself. After a while I kneeled on the floor with him, I held on to him for so long burying my face into his neck sobbing my heart out. I felt so emotionally distraught I started shouting at him, this seemed to get a reaction from him he held my eye contact for a spilt second and I thought maybe I just needed to shock him out of it, so I slapped him really hard around the face, this did nothing and I became convinced that I had lost him forever and that all that would be left would be the empty shell of his body. It was a terrifying thought and I found it increasingly hard to control the situation, grabbing his phone I decided to ring an ambulance, I unlocked his phone and started to dial 999, telling him over and over what I was going to do. I was shitting it and needed a response from him, I realised that he is my entire world and without him I couldn’t survive. The prospect of an authority figure was too much to handle and I turned on the computer trying to find someone on msn to talk to.

There wasn’t anyone; I am fairly inexperienced with drugs and completely rely on my partner to lead any trips we have not having him was utterly confusing and hurtful I had no idea what to do, I rang a mutual friend who I knew my partner had tripped with before and asked him for advice. He thankfully told me everything was okay and to just let my partner come out of it naturally. I cuddled up my partner still in tears, trying to feed him water with my fingers, as his mouth was dry and he wouldn’t hold a glass himself. As I put my fingers in his mouth the third or fourth time he bit me really hard, and for a brief second I thought he was back but he remained motionless and silent. I was still really freaked out and went to the computer to talk to our mutual friend convinced that everything was not okay.

Luckily after about 2 hours since he stopped talking my partner got up and declared he was confused….. I would have been too, I had turned all the lights on, sprayed his aftershave and torn posters down all in an attempt to snap him out of what he was in. as said, we discussed all of this and realised just how much we mean to one another, just how much each of us is wrapped up in the other one. Although this trip was difficult it did help me realise that my partner depends on me just as much as I depend on him and that no matter what I do he is always a part of me. The sheer thought of not having him tore my entire world apart and made me question my sanity. I truly feel that our relationship has been strengthened by this overwhelming experience and that we both now appreciate each other and how much we mean to one another more than ever before.

After a lot of talking and cuddling and admittedly a few tears we came to the conclusion that although we both very much enjoy sex on drugs, and have done so in the past that this time having sex whilst coming up caused this strange trip. We both think that having got up quickly straight away after climaxing we felt like the other had abandoned us slightly, I personally felt as though I had made my partner sick and that he didn’t want to hug me anymore. Whereas for my partner it felt as though he was a small child that had been mistaken and was trying to fit with me when it just couldn’t happen, he felt as though he was being silly. Having been joined into one as the trip strengthened it meant that when we were detached we each felt as though we were missing something, the other to make us whole.

My partner sensed it first though it went away, then I as my trip peaked nice and hard. I take more drugs than many to get to where I want to be, I feel quite comfortable being incredibly twisted, gaining immense satisfaction and well-being from my experiences and subsequent recoveries. I found my peak utterly amazing, incredibly pure, vastly involving and all encompassing. It was absolutely magnificent though I was unsure as to how I should be feeling sometimes but that just added to the excitement. This was truly an unadulterated psychedelic experience and I am extremely grateful I had it. I am incredibly sorry that I scared my partner I simply had no connection with reality, I learned a powerful lesson and got an ass-kicking, I’m truly sorry I worried my partner it was such an overwhelming trip I didn’t know what to make of it. With this new clarity of the situation we went about having a lovely night together, sitting on the bed and talking about all sorts.

The five tabs were still going strong in me; while my partner was winding down feeling quite tired she decided to curl up wrapped in the duvet. I pottered about being the little control freak that acid turns me into sorting everything out, getting it just so. We stayed together pretty much the whole night. We sat at the bottom of the bed listening to music wrapped up in a blanket, watching our crazy Axminster carpet wriggle about turning into cheeky sly foxes. Water in the glass had a multi-coloured hue of the spectrum; the carpet flowed and rotated mechanically around the glass which formed a column of power and light. Having a couple of joints while selecting tunes to play, listening to U-ziq, Ceephax and Aphex Twin watching the colours swirl around loving the Analord series 

Turning the black light on and playing with candles and whatnot. I played around with my glow poi that looked really cool leaving thick bars of red through the air; I got pretty hectic and furious working out a lot of energetic tension swinging my arms about madly. I always find that I can spin poi or glow sticks instinctually when fucked, especially on acid I can create stories and patterns synchronised with the beat and complexities of the music. It comes naturally and with no thought, simply playing, experimenting and expanding on sequences. I spun them about for quite awhile till I became bored.

Appletiser, apples and ice tasted magnificent, it made my mouths ickyness go away so I was all fresh. I particularly enjoyed playing with ice in my mouth and kissing while holding it on my tongue. She was quite sleepy and was dozing in and out while I played about with our home. I gave her a massage which made her even more sleepy and fuzzy; she then curled up snuggled up even more after that.

I started to play with my camera phone fiddling with the different settings and effects, taking pictures just for fun; I proceeded to fill up all my memory throughout the night, taking all sorts of crazy pictures especially some mad gurning grinning ones in negative.

I enjoyed mucking around with rubber bands and marbles, the quick snapping and sensation of the band on my fingers was fun, while the solid definite hardness of the marbles was interesting, very real and there, the texture and smoothness intriguing to play with rolling around amongst my fingers and squeezing as hard as possible. It was particularly fun to put two small ones in my mouth and roll them around my teeth and gums making neat sounds sensations and resonances and also cleaning and clearing my gacky gummy lips away from my teeth, it felt very good.

My metal jaw harp was also spectacular, the sensation of playing it joined to my teeth resonating and vibrating around was brilliant, the feeling of the sound rolling around my tongue and mouth was exquisite, playing came naturally and tunes unfolded simply and logically, vibrant primary and pastel colours streamed from my lips with the music, meandering outward around my head, back inside my ears, mingling, seeping and filling all the cracks in my brain. Flowing like 2d and 3d vines or a river they were very fun to create having complete control over them producing the sounds, their colour, shape and texture. I eventually stopped as my jaw became sore from the clenching and tension my playing was putting on it.

Tuesday
At about one thirty in the morning I decided to have a shower as I was very sweaty and manky. The biting hot water felt superb, each needle of water shooting down tingled on my body, holding my mouth open with my tongue to the stream was exhilarating heating me up, electrifying my skin. Washing my body with the rough shower spongy thing was great so rough and cleansing, I also got my back cleaned which always feels great. After a long hot shower washing my hair for ages scratching and scritching my scalp and ears as I love to when tripping or on any tactile drug I got out feeling gorgeously clean and shiny, having removed all the grime and dirt from tripping. My partner had cooked a chicken thing, and made some decent coffee, taking it back we sat down and drank the gorgeous tasting rich coffee, while it didn’t take long for my partner to discover the chicken didn’t really agree with her body at the moment (it turned out through a confusion of time, and forgetting to change one of our clocks for daylight saving, it wasn’t cooked enough). I ate a banana and an apple with some bread and jam to fill me up a bit.

I continued to listen to music on the headphones, some lovely Sennheiser HD515’s that are gorgeous for tripping so clear and rich, wrapping me up in delightful synths. I lay on the bed listening to Hallucinogen, oh that was truly wonderful. I do believe I could spend an entire trip tucked up in bed listening to music through headphones, a simply spectacular activity when supremely squiffy, even nicer with a blowjob blow jobs are so nice to give when I’m fucked it feels as though my partners rock hard cock is everything in the world and a perfect way to show him I love him utterly. Yummy!!!!

Around six o’clock in the morning my partner woke up and we sat about chatting for a while, not wishing to finish yet we decided to snort some MDMA crystal. We have no tube with which to snort, but I remember I have a blunt wrap skin which comes with a handy plastic tube inside. I roll a very tasty blunt, and save it for later (it’s still curing several days later, I think I’ll keep it for a special occasion). I cut some off the rock and racked up four lines, two small (3inches) and two largish (5 inches). I take the big and little one, my partner then snorted a smaller one, leaving the large one for later. Instantly feeling alive and energised my body came alight, as though hooked up to a car battery we’re soon buzzing our tits off. The line burnt us both quite badly but it certainly made the morning start very well, better than breakfast that’s for sure. I felt quite queasy from a drip that slips right down my throat, and about five minutes later after urging a little I puked a Lucozade coloured sick into the bin(I had been drinking it), feeling tremendously better afterwards we just kept on coming up and up. We sat on the bed chattering inanely and incessantly for hours.

Able to talk and communicate exceptionally expressively we chatted about the night, the conversation flowed lucidly each of us often finishing each others sentences. The confusion and head fuck of the acid was removed; the two chemicals synergising perfectly, memories and feelings of the evening became much clearer, we were able to articulate our thoughts, emotions and sensations far, far better. Taking the MDMA on the way down from the acid certainly helped us integrate our experience fluidly, make sense of it and gain much more than we ever could have had we not taken it; th. At about nine o’clock I took the remaining line. We opened a bottle of champagne and drank it fairly quickly getting nice and tipsy.

Napping slightly and enjoying each others bodies. The MDMA with the acid made sex uber fun and made it incredibly easy for me to come, whereas my partner could stay rock hard for hours on end but still reach orgasms. The two drugs synergise so well together every part of the sex was controllable and breathtaking, we would definitely recommend everyone to try it. The best part for me was the feeling that our souls had fused into a single amazing energy, producing something known in tantra as a kundalini. This briefly explained is when all 7 chakras in the body open up and an amazingly strong energy spirals up through them and out my crown charka. This was something I knew nothing about until after this had happened and my partner has shown me on the internet. Wriggling about all over the place moving every which way we wanted having far too much fun that someone somewhere must be having an awful time.

Every tiny pressure felt exquisite, our inhibitions nowhere to be found. With each thrust and movement together the energy surged from me into her, making orgasms overwhelmingly frequent that we had to pause to calm down quite often. She can also ejaculate which is damn sexy anyway, but with the pure sensual brilliance of the sex and its overwhelming power she ejaculated more than ever making everything soaking wet. We got so unbelievably horny then sated our every lustful passion, loving every second, savouring each moment. It was wonderful as a man, able to sensually feel every tiny sensation and texture, but to have complete control over my orgasm was a wonderful skill. Allowing me to keep going as long as we desired (2 hours) and finally ending in an tremendously world trembling psychedelic explosion that was simply body-bendingly brilliant

All women can ejaculate they just don’t know it, the main way that I find myself being able to is just to relax and enjoy every sensation in my body……the acid will help me do this. It will give me the most amazing orgasms of my life and also makes my partner incredibly hot for me. Sharing all these experiences and knowing each others bodies the way we do is a truly special thing.

Afterwards we moved to the back room, I rushed about bringing things back and forth from the other room, setting up camp on the sofa and spare bed. We sat watching the rain bash down against the window, smoking a few cigarettes chatting more and more. We have only fairly recently moved into our flat so the spare room is still a bit bare and I started to put a few posters up and move stuff about making it more homely. We chatted about all sorts and drew pictures of our feelings and thoughts from the night and time before. The MDMA helped clarify our experience and let us draw much more from it. We came to the conclusion that having sex while coming up had made us feel joined so fully that after when we were no longer locked together we both felt as though we weren’t a complete being without the other. We curled up wholly in love with one other.

I took 4 more tabs of acid, and my partner took two or three, to keep everything shiny throughout the day, we chatted some more enjoying the very clean high. Feeling absolutely euphoric and gorgeously warm inside, the world was entirely perfect and couldn’t be better. The acid only gently ran throughout the day, adding texture, tone and colour to an already exquisite day. We had to drop a film back so a gentle stroll into town was pleasant, though a bit much at times. We then went shopping at the supermarket which was quite the sensory overload, coming back feeling rather delicate and incredibly sweaty from the MDMA still working busily away, our eyes looked very dazzling. We went and sat back down, while I smoked a yummy joint and we listened to Shpongle and the Mystery of the Yeti. Having a little to eat we curled up watched some films and telly, then dozed off into a sound a smooth sleep; waking feeling refreshed and extremely happy inside and all-over early the next morning.

Wednesday
On the third night of acid my partner and I talked for hours. I took 4 tabs, while my partner took 2. Over the course of the night she took 1, then 3 more, while I took 5 then 3 our tolerance being up from the previous nights. We cuddled and kissed while snorting some MDMA taking about half a gram between us over the course of the night. Picking music to play and making a play list was surprising, intensely involving; feeling very exceptionally high indeed buzzing and tensing away like mad, barely able to do a thing we were peaking with attitude, and smoothly. We curled up on the bed chatting away talking a bout shit, nothing and everything.

Listening to psychedelic ambience we moved to the other room and spent the evening there waiting for the sun to rise. I smoked a nice joint and watched the walls shift and surge over itself, the corners of the room sneaking around. Everything looked absolutely beautiful, perfectly formed and embossed to precision. We didn’t feel fucked up we felt quite simply amazing, like ourselves, but 10,000 times better, calmer, happier, so peaceful inside, not a thing was wrong and the world was just magnificent. As Thom York says, ‘everything in its right place’ and it certainly was. The simple sublime splendour of being alive and experiencing the world was making my eyes go teary it was so fucking exquisite.

My partners jaw was clenching quite badly and she was getting very annoyed with it, I suggested perhaps she do some ketamine as personally I found it totally eliminates any muscle tension completely, very pleasant indeed. I chose not to take any just yet it being around 4-5 in the morning, I wanted to wait and take a fair old bit as the sun rose and shines right in the window. I prepare an 5cm long line, which she takes easily, not long after I ask how she’s feeling and she responds “all warm and gooey, it’s lovely” unfortunately it hadn’t totally removed the jaw clenching, but everything was very nice and fuzzy. The bastard ketamine pisses set in so we go to the bathroom, the hallway is a pretty spooky dark bit, but the candle in the loo is very comforting, a golden warming glow. With everything being rather peculiar closing her eyes to concentrate invariably meant a droopy head and dreamy smile before snapping back to reality and the task at hand. We hold hands and chat about nothing in particular; somehow we decided to walk in to town the next day, though certainly not just yet. Shuffling back like Ozzy, my partner decides bed is a more attractive option jumping in and refusing to come out. After a little coaxing and promising to wrap her up in our duvet and blanket we toddled back to watch the sunrise.

I personally felt like a child being looked after by my partner, but also like his favourite childhood toy, loved to an extreme that made me very emotional at times. One memory that I keep coming back to is when my partner wrapped me up in our duvet, tucking it all around me so I looked like a little caterpillar before putting a thick black fleecy blanket over me, he then pulled the covers back from my face and lent in to kiss me on the lips before tickling my chin. I had an overwhelming sensation of being a baby in a pram all snuggled and looked after.

We sat listening to Are You Shpongled? and a compilation CD called Unusual Suspects 2, very relaxing and intricate, a pleasure to watch. As the sun started to come up I did some ketamine, 3 large lines, probably about 14 inches in total, I flung the window open held a tissue to my well snotty nose and curled up waiting to go extremely squiffy indeed. Watching the amazing mechanical and organic hallucinations behind my eyes my forehead repeatedly began to buzz in a rising head rush and blinding white light that grows, throbs and subsides. I open my eyes to watch my left hand wriggling puppet-like in perfect synchronisation to every single beat and rhythm, twisting, turning like claws. I could control it somewhat; I could stop if I really wished I knew that certainly. But it was so very neat I had no wish to, I felt slightly compelled by the ketamine, mildly controlled. I have felt this sort of thing before on K, being turned inside out, or being forced to move, or have my consciousness expand creating a totality of music enveloping, driving and controlling every aspect of the experience, wholly immersive forming the complete universe.

I must admit I’ve always enjoyed it, after getting over the initial shock of being utterly bound to move in a minutely particular way, sculpting a friend out of hallucinatory clay as he telepathically knows where and how to move is just plain amusing. Ketamine though not overtly friendly and ‘happy’ is extremely wonderful a very enjoyable drug. It does often give me an enormous sense of well-being, filling me up to a wonderful fullness that makes me grin like a kid.

My other hand joined in and they wriggled around for some more. I watched the smoke from an incense stick dance writhing wreathed around my fingertips. I watched cartoons on the wall, poking them changing them with my mind. Not long after, this being about a half hour since ingestion I felt nauseous, urged then was sick into my mouth, getting to the toilet I violently yet quite comfortably vomited into the toilet efficiently about three times (kinda like Mr. Creosote), I stared as the toilet stretched to the length of a snooker table, heaved a bit then decided to leave and clean up. My partner had reacted with horror at my vomiting; I think conjuring memories of the first night, feeling really sick then. Shutting herself into the bedroom and refusing to let me in I guess I scared her a bit, reassuring her I was fine I eventually deciding to leave her be, I was sweating profusely and I didn’t stay the same height for more than 5 seconds, I did feel slightly beastly reminiscent of Mr. Hyde’s description in the mirror but very good all over.

I stumbled back to the spare room and slumped on the sofa; listening to crystal clear music the tones enriching the world giving it depth and substance while watching as the sky gets lighter. I rested my head and beamed as the music winded through my ears and twisted up my brain good and proper, ‘Divine Moments Of Truth’ was simply spectacular as the little critters rotated all through my messy head giving it a good sorting out sideways.

At some point my partner came to join me again, she had been under the covers for a few hours down a k-hole, coming back to reality we both did some more ketamine. I had a small nosebleed that I dabbed up then disposed of the rest of the filthy stuff straight up my shnozzle. We tucked ourselves up in the rugs and watched as the crisp morning sunshine blazed right onto our window. Feeling utterly serene, warm and all gooey inside made us grin like the Cheshire cat. My head dropped onto the back of the sofa and I closed my eyes, the pure clean sun beat down warming my eyelids from the chilly air, the bright light made red and pink, white, and dazzling sparkly colours explode into my head. Fractals that warped and grew insanely, there beauty breath-taking all I could do was lie immobile in awe at the sheer splendour thinking how damn lucky I am to be able to experience this; which I think I did for about 90 minutes. Gently drifting back from god-knows where feeling absolutely ecstatic, fuzzy and gorgeous all over. “It’s so fucking great to be alive”.

I think this experience has made us completely content with life and happy knowing that we can always be together and live a blissful existence with each other.

After amazing showers and my partner pampering me completely, we set out to town late in the afternoon. The walk was amazingly refreshing and crisp; the world seemed so peacefully in tune with us. Both of us found that our legs just walked without effort leaving us free to concentrate on talking and taking everything in. It was a gorgeous winter evening and we were both warm and snuggled in our thick coats holding hands, giggling like small children. It felt as though we were on holiday, exploring the renewed world that shone with detail. As it got darker and we got to the centre of our town we both noticed that Christmas lights were starting to be put up, which seemed amazingly appropriate as we had both said earlier that we would treat that night as our Christmas, everything felt magical, brimming with good-will like late night shopping. After a few hours in the town we decided to go to the cinema to watch the Corpse Bride. This is the first time I have been to a public place squiffy and found it to be amazingly enjoyable. The film was incredibly involving although I feel the theme of death was a little too strong for me; however the ending made me weep like a child (it was an incredibly gooey film, lovely).

It was a truly special time and I can see why drugs such as MDMA and acid where used as a form of couple therapy, it definitely helped my partner and I. The ketamine at the end of our fun tied everything up nice and neatly. I find K narrows down my scattered mind superbly, twisting me sideways then setting me on my feet; reality doesn’t come as so much of a shock. It leaves me feeling so very gently serene, tranquil and completely calm, harmonious inner peace interlaces through my essence propelling me so softly through my day. It packages me up and places me delicately back into sobriety after my intense experiences.

Our few days were an utterly astounding bonding experience, bringing us so unbelievably close together, joining us into one then showing us the pure beauty in the simple existence of life, the unadulterated bliss of being a living creature on earth.
Have fun living. xx

When I was in the second year of college I got in with a friendly crowd who smoked a lot of dope. They also did other drugs. I had done various drugs before but this was my first candyflip. We did not set out to candyflip, it just happened that those were the drugs we got our hands on that night. I had recently broken up with a very straight laced boyfriend of 2 years and was feeling rangy and exploratory about life in general.

My friend A had gone away to visit some people in his home town and I knew he had stashed a batch of fairly good acid in his fridge. I was feeling mischievous and I ended up out with two people I had only just met through a mutual friend - we just helped ourselves to the acid. We were 'on a mission' as we called it.

It was all a bit hedonistic and unthinking, which was good because it set the scene for a discovery/journey together/ see what happens/no ties kind of trip. We were coming up on the acid but I didn't feel like I was tripping and was at that point under the illusion that the acid was having no effect. In fact it was having an effect but it was very clean and subtle so everything just flowed naturally. One of the guys we'd dropped the acid with took off and left - I don't know why and I never stopped to think about it.

Another friend came by and saw that me and my new friend B were tripping and said he had some good MDMA pills. He suggested we try them too to enhance the experience. We walked back to his place to take them - we had taken about four or five paper squares of LSD each and we topped this up with the 1.5 tabs of MDMA. I also smoked some joints but so potent was the LSD/MSDA cocktail that it didn't seem to make much difference.

As we walked back through the empty streets to B's room, I began to see psychedelic nets and balls floating around. B agreed he could see them too. I was filled with the sense that the world was a benign and interesting place. We were seemingly coming up on both drugs together.

We were both so wasted that night that we had the same CDs on repeat for much of the night as we couldn’t get it together to change the CD player. For an hour so other student friends had come in to say hello and smoke but seeing us on a major trip they drifted off leaving us to it. B had this gadget called a mindlab, a device which is like a pair of glasses which have flashing LEDs on them - you close your eyes and plug into a walkman-like machine which plays alpha and beta waves etc. The noises made me feel awful but I discovered that I could sit listening to the music we were playing (it was the 1st Leftfield album and The Orb UFOrb) and put the flashing glasses on and I would drift off into an intense visual inner trip. I have to say the colours and the images were amazingly vivid, and I felt very emotional from the MDMA. To give an example of the intensity – it was stuff like flying though clouds with intense bright light and the warmth of the sun on my face and Pegasus flying past - yeah, the full 'signs and wonders' works.

The overriding factor in all this is that all through the night I 'forgot' I had taken drugs, or did not think 'Oh I am having a drug experience' - it really seemed that some new place in my soul was opening up which had previously been hidden to me.

After what seemed like a very long time, I was suddenly plunged headlong into what I consider to be my only REAL trip ever. I was as if I was dreaming a movie or something, but I was IN the movie. I was flying across a seascape as if I was a gull or a sea bird and away in the distance I could see this island. I was thinking - 'This is the real thing- this is the land of the mind' - I could see the island was densely wooded but it had a beautiful huge building in the middle of it, a white turreted huge palace with gold flags glinting in the breeze. I realised that this was The Library of all Things. Inside the library it was like a cathedral very ornate and worshipful. But to my puzzlement there were no books in the library, only myself as a three year old running about this massive huge building. The realisations I had were that I had to write the books to fill the library (what ever that meant – I now think it meant be responsible for your own destiny) and that I had to rescue that little three year old girl who'd been living alone in that huge lonely library with nothing in it. It was a message to me about my life.

All in all it was a good interesting night but there was something thing very profound about the intense trip part of the night. I felt like a missing magical part of myself had been revealed or restored to me.

The reason I wanted to share this experience is because I truly believe that doing that candyflip actually enabled me to open up the tightly locked flood gates and begin resolving issues from my past. I have heard they used to use LSD in the treatment of alcoholics in a similar way. Essentially what came out of that trip was that I was able to tell my mother about my secret childhood abuse by a relative - I told her about it about 2 weeks later. Since then I have had my ups and downs but I am now in a good place - I have had plenty of other experiences with drugs, not all of them good - but I remember that trip so vividly even to this day some 9 years later.

Who can say why it happened when it did? Perhaps I was at a crossroads of life? But I tend to think that in fact it just so happened that by happy accident I took the right combination of chemicals at the right time in my life, in the right setting, so that the profound soul searching other worlds experience of the LSD was buoyed up and given a smooth ride by the emotional flood of love and warmth and well being from the MDMA.

I have never regretted that trip.

I’m not terribly experienced with drugs, I started smoking cannabis almost two months ago. The first few highs seemed a lot like the highs people normally have, feeling amused, good about things, having deep thoughts. The high just before this one was a little different in that it started out with me feeling like I was way too high. I took 2 or 3 hits from a glass pipe and was totally flying. I wasn’t sure if I was going to be able to handle it at first--I remember feeling like I was zooming away from everybody, like everybody else was fading out. I couldn’t hear them very well and I was just totally focused inward. That eventually turned into a more “normal” high although still very inwardly focused. Oddly, I didn’t get back up to that extreme high even when a few hours later I took 3 hits from a vaporizer and then finished off a ‘lung’ which was probably about 2 or 3 hits. That said, this weekend was extremely intense.

I am prescribed 300mg of Wellbutrin every day, taken in the morning, as well as 20mg of Prozac every other day (also in the morning). I also take Klonopin occasionally for anxiety and had taken 1mg Thursday night. I don’t know if it had anything to do with my experience.

Friday night, I decided to try DXM for the first time. I wasn’t too concerned about interactions with my prescription med's because Wellbutrin is a dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and not a serotonin reuptake inhibitor. I was a little cautious about the Prozac since it is a SSRI and that combined with DXM can cause serotonin syndrome--however, I figured that with such a low dose of Prozac and the relatively low dose of DXM I was planning to take, I would be fine. At about 9:30 I took about 180mg of Vicks 44 (dex-only) cough syrup before I thought I would vomit if I took any more (nasty, nasty shit), so I took a few Robotussin gel caplets (also dex-only) I had leftover from when I had a cold, to get me up to around 215mg.

It was a nice trip, a little more than I thought it would be based on the amount I took and body weight, but I attributed that to Wellbutrin’s habit of multiplying the effects of other drugs. It felt a lot like my previous cannabis experiences coordination-wise in terms of feeling off-balance and like I was being pushed around by water. But it was less inwardly focused, more in touch with the rest of the world instead of stuck inside myself. I had some nice closed-eye visuals which I was not expecting at all at that dose, a lot of shapes and random images. Also, a really interesting feeling of being disconnected from the other parts of my body. My hands felt like they were floating apart from my body and doing things on their own. I was peaking at about 11:00pm. I went to sleep at 1:00 or so and woke up around 10:00 Saturday morning still feeling wonky. A lot less coordinated, less in control of my body. I wasn’t going to let that get in the way of hempfest though.

I got together with friends and we went to Seattle and wandered around hempfest for a while before deciding to smoke on the rocks by the water. Getting down by the water was hard enough with the leftover effects of the DXM, so I don’t know how I planned to get back up after getting stoned. In any case, down by the water, I took two hits from a glass pipe again and was expecting a nice high or at the MOST, a little bit of the “too high” from last time that would fade into a normal high. Incredibly, I was fucking BLITZED after about two minutes. I started out feeling like I was going to throw up, just really feeling sick and scared, not wanting what was happening to happen. Shortly thereafter, I was in an entirely different dimension. I had no control whatsoever. I was not there. I free-fell into another dimension.

Apparently, my friend B. noticed me slumping. He started shaking me and talking to me. I couldn't speak. I couldn't control my body. I was a statue. I could hear him getting really scared and telling the others that I wasn't okay and that they needed to come help him in case I fell over. I heard all of this somewhere far, far away. It was like having the TV on in the background when you're falling asleep. Kind of there, but not. He shook me out of it enough for a second to tell me that I couldn't pass out and that he needed to get me up onto the grass again.

There was no way that was going to happen. I couldn't move. I couldn't see. I somehow managed to say 'I can't' and 'I can't see' and he told me that I needed to open my eyes. I opened them, I swear, I saw the water and the rocks but it was all pixelated pink and blue dots. I looked down into a hole in the rocks and pretty much nothing sounded better than climbing into that hole and sleeping. I was drifting away and thinking that I hoped he wouldn’t take me to the hospital because I knew I would come off of it. I was so uneasy and I just wanted to be somewhere I could sleep so I could wake up in reality again. I really didn't want this to be happening at all, much less in a public place. I was way too high and way too out of control of myself.

I mentally left again and couldn't do anything. They continued to surround me and talk to me, B. telling me that I was not going to pass out and that I needed to stay there with him and concentrate. I came down for a second, barely. I stepped back into quasi-reality. I remember my entire body being on fire like when your leg falls asleep and starts to wake up again. My entire body was doing that. I felt like I had energy shooting out of my fingertips. I told B. what I was feeling and he said something again about getting me up to the grass. I was with it enough to get that far, maybe, so B. and M. grabbed my hands and helped me up over the rocks.

At that point, B. wouldn't let me sit down again because he said I needed to keep walking in order to not pass out. So I just walked and walked and drank water and walked. Walking was so hypnotizing. At some point, I completely forgot who I was with and then I remembered but couldn't remember what B. looked like. I got scared for a second of being lost and not knowing who anybody was but then I remembered what he looked like and found him in front of me. It seems like they were kind of flanking me to make sure I didn't wander off. I vaguely remember someone asking me how I was doing and telling them that I’d forgotten who I was for a second to which they responded “Huh, haven’t had that one before.”

We walked around the same area so many times, I remember going past the same spot a bunch of times and I know I can't have been hallucinating all of that but it seemed to be going so slowly yet overlapping and happening all at the same time. This whole time, I was zoning in and out. Walking was so hypnotizing. Watching everybody's feet moving, staring at the backs of people's heads. Sometimes I had no idea what was going on. So much of it was completely instinctual. Just doing things because my body knew what to do. I was having conversations in my head, thinking about all kinds of stuff, wishing that I could actually talk but not being able to because I couldn't come far enough out of my mind. I was living an entirely different life in my head. Stuff was happening in there that was real to me and then I would snap out of it for a second and realize none of it was true. Every once in a while, somebody would say something to me and I would respond but my responses weren't thought about. They were just my learned responses to whatever anybody said. They came out on their own without any prompting from me. After every single exchange I couldn't tell if it had actually happened or if it was one of the many scenes playing out in my mind. I wondered if I looked like a zombie mechanically walking around.

I don't remember the sequence of events that well. I remember some of the others deciding to smoke again (they weren't anywhere near as affected) so I sat on the hill next to R. (who was sober). Lost it again. I thought I was talking to him--I might have been, I don't know. Then I really thought he asked me a question so I answered and then (in reality) he had no idea what I was talking about. So I was like 'Fuck, am I hallucinating?' I just had all of this stuff happening in my head that I thought was happening for real but then I'd slip back into reality and realize it wasn't real, then repeat. I was really confused as to why it was taking so long to come down. I had no idea how much time had passed but I felt like I should be coming down somehow.

More walking. More hypnotizing feet and heads and brief flashes of confusion about who I was and where I was. At some point, B. decided that I should eat and absorb chemicals or something so we walked back and forth a lot trying to decide what to get. He was also really, really 'way too' high but still able to function on some level. Eventually we ended up with Indian food. We sat down on the grass to eat and it was so hard to concentrate. I would put some food in my mouth and some water, because my mouth was not producing saliva, and chew for a little bit but I think I must have spaced out majorly in between every single bite because pretty soon B.'s food was all gone and I had only taken a few bites. He kept telling me that I needed to eat and I was really trying but I couldn't stay in reality--stuff was still happening in my head.

We wandered off again finally, in search of the others. We walked back and forth a bunch of times and finally found them. This might have been when they smoked again, or they may have smoked a third time, I don't know. The next memory is of standing in front of the stage watching a band and feeling like I was being consumed by the music. It was totally hypnotizing as well. I thought I was being consumed. Sometimes I wanted to make sure that the others were still there and I would see B. in my peripheral vision but he was made of multicolor squiggly lines unless I looked at him straight on.

More walking. I don't even know what all happened. I was so, so gone. We saw S. sometime, maybe before the music, and B. told her that I was really messed up. I remember her telling me that she called that state a weed coma and it was why she couldn’t smoke anymore. Me and B. sat down next to a tree while the others smoked (again, I don't know if they smoked a bunch of times or if it's all just fragmented in my mind and a lot of these things go together in reality). This was right after we were walking again and I felt this very distinct flip of a switch and came down a notch. It was like 'Hell-o! Back to reality!' Not reality, but 'normal' high. This has to have been several hours later. Maybe. I told B. that I thought I was coming down a little and he was like 'That's what we're talking about, good.'

We sat by a tree and for once I could actually talk a little bit. I started talking and I was like 'Look at me, I can talk!' And received congratulations. Me and B. played a game and talked about stuff. The others joined us at some point and the game continued. I think me and B. talked about where we were in terms of levels, etc. Right before we'd gotten food (I think) he came back into reality a little bit--he said that he had been about 3 feet behind his head previously (not behind his head, but three feet into his head) and was surfacing a little. I think I had a temporary flash of consciousness at that point, which is why it came up, but ended up going under again. He was a step or two ahead of me in the coming down process.

Anyway, we talked about being way too high and tried to figure out why it fucked us up so badly when the others were fine, aside from them being people who smoke all the time instead of casually/once a week or so. I thought about the DXM the night before and thought that might have something to do with it, but he hadn’t done any and was pretty messed up as well.

I don't know if anything else really happened until we left. We walked for so long. Our car was really far away but we weren't even done--we were still going to a show that was 10 blocks past the car or something. So we walked to the venue. Apparently it took an hour and a half, but it seemed like 10 minutes. I came down some more on the walk and I was really okay when we got there. Still a little dumb, but feeling pretty normal. We watched the band and I felt pretty sober, just with a nice happy mood and feeling of well-being. We left a few hours later after B. was sufficiently sober (something like 9 hours after last smoking).

I talked to one of my friends about my experience and he suggested that Wellbutrin probably had something to do with it (aside from possible leftover effects of the DXM), since it has the tendency to multiply the effects of other drugs. Previously, I'd only smoked at night. I take the Wellbutrin in the morning. On this occasion, I smoked in the early afternoon, so I had nowhere near as much time for the Wellbutrin to wear off before introducing more drugs.

Overall, I think if I was only smoking pot for the fun/recreation of it, this would have probably qualified as a bad trip. A lot of this is about experimentation and experiences in general, though, and HOLY FUCK was that an experience. It was scary at points and really uncomfortable but it was so interesting and weird and just... wow. I hadn’t expected anything like that from cannabis. I was also amazed at the coming down process, since it was the first time I ever came down while awake (previously I slept off a lot of it). I started out at the tip tip top right on the verge of passing out and came down to sober and it was a lot less gradual than I would have thought. It was so much more a step pattern. Click, click, click, click. I could feel myself coming down a notch each time I got to a lower level. Like, it was a totally noticeable difference instead of a smooth sloping ride.

I’m still going to experiment with cannabis and I will probably try DXM again, but definitely not too close together unless I’m going for a similar experience. I’m also going to make sure to only do anything after I’ve had plenty of time to come down off of the Wellbutrin because I really do think that had something to do with how intense my trip was.

