 Check the circuit.  All operating, sir.  It can't be the screen then. Definitely something out there, It could be these meteorites.  No, it's something else. There's still something out there.  It's coming at the speed of light, collision course. The Evasive manoeuvres, sir? Steady as we go. It's a radio wave, sir. We're passing through an old-style They were keyed to cause interference and attract attention this A ship in trouble making a forced landing, sir. That's it. No I have a fix. It comes from the Talos star group. We've no ships or Earth colonies that far out. Their call letters check with a survey expedition. SS Columbia. It would take that long for a radio beam to travel from there to Records show the Talos group has never been explored. Solar Then they could still be alive, even after eighteen years. If they survived the crash. We aren't going to go, to be certain? Not without any indication of survivors, no. Continue to the Vega Yes, sir.  Boyce here. Drop by my cabin, Doctor. (Boyce enters with bag) What's that? I I understand we picked up a distress signal. That's right. Unless we get anything more positive on it, it Oh, I concur with yours, definitely. Good. I'm glad you do, because we're going to stop first at the Who wants a warm martini? What makes you think I need one? Sometimes a man'll tell his bartender things he'll never tell Shouldn't it be? My only yeoman and two others dead, seven Was there anything you personally could have done to prevent it? Oh, I should have smelled trouble when I saw the swords and the Chris, you set standards for yourself no one could meet. You You bet I'm tired. You bet. I'm tired of being responsible for To the point of finally taking my advice, a rest leave? To the point of considering resigning. And do what? Well, for one thing, go home. Nice little town with fifty miles Ah, that sounds exciting. Ride out with a picnic lunch every day. I said that's one place I might go. I might go into business on You, an Orion trader, dealing in green animal women, slaves? The point is this isn't the only life available. There's a whole Not for you. A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets Now you're beginning to talk like a doctor, bartender. Take your choice. We both get the same two kinds of customers. [on monitor] Mister Spock here. We're intercepting a follow-up (reads) Eleven survivors from crash. Address intercraft. System open. This is the captain. Our destination is the Talos star group. Our Course computed and on the screen. All decks have acknowledged, sir.  Engage. On course, sir.  Yeoman.  Yes, sir.  I thought I told you that when I'm on the bridge  But you wanted the reports by oh five hundred. It's oh five Oh, I see. Thank you.  She's replacing your former yeoman, sir.  She does a good job, all right. It's just that I can't get used We've settled into orbit, sir. Preliminary lab survey ready, sir. Spectography? Gravity? Captain? Reflections, sir, from the planet's surface. As I read Prep a landing party of six. You feel up to it? Yes, sir. Yes, sir.  Sorry, Number One. With little information on this planet, we'll Of course, sir. There's no indication of problems down there, Sir. Captain Christopher Pike, United Space Ship Enterprise. The same old Earth, and you'll see it very soon. And you won't believe how fast you can get back. Well the time (as the survivors pack up the settlement) Enterprise.  Landing party, come in. We'll begin transporting the survivors and their effects up to  Quarters are being prepared, sir. Have I permission to send That's affirmative on the  I didn't get that last message, Captain. Er, affirmative on request. Landing party out. If they can spare you a moment, I'd like to make my medical Their health is excellent. Almost too good. I don't understand. Captain!  Spock here.  Landing party, come in. There is no survivors' encampment, Number One. This is all some Can you hear me? My name is Christopher Pike, commander of the You're not speaking, yet I can hear you. All right then, telepathy. You can read my mind. I can read If you were in here, wouldn't you test the strength of these The inhabitants of this planet must live So we just thought we saw survivors there, Mister Spock. Exactly. An illusion placed in our minds by this planet's It was a perfect illusion. They had us seeing just what we Any estimate what they might want one of us for?  They may simply be studying the Captain, to find out how Earth Then why aren't we doing anything? That entry may have stood up Look. Brains three times the size of ours. If we start buzzing It's Captain Pike they've got. He needs help, and he probablyneeds it fast.  Engineering deck will rig to transmit ship's power. This is Rigel Seven. I was in a cage, a cell, in some kind of a zoo. I must still be They've reached into my mind and taken the memory of somewhere It's starting just as it happened two weeks ago. Except for you. Longer hair, different dress, but it is you, the one the But it's only a dream. You can tell my jailers I won't go along with it. I'm not an Why would an illusion be frightened?  Who are you? You act as if this were really you.  Why are you here?  Are you real?  No, no. No, that's not an answer. I've never met you before, What, and dress you in the same metal fabric they wear? So they can see how their specimen performs? They want to see how Or do they do more than just watch me? Do they feel with me, too? Yes. Yes, you can please me. You can tell me about them. Is there Since you're not real, there's not much point in continuing this All circuits engaged, Mister Spock.  Standing by, Number One. Take cover.  Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Increase to full power! Can you give us any more?  Our circuits are beginning to heat. We'll have to cease Disengage. The top of that knoll should have been sheared off the Maybe it was. It's what I tried to explain in the briefing room. How far can they control my mind? Perhaps. But they try to trick me with their illusions. Did they ever live on the surface of this planet? Why did they go That's why it's so barren up there? So the Talosians who came underground found life limited here and Or sit probing minds of zoo specimens like me. Which means they had to have more than one of each animal. They'll need a pair of humans too. Where do they get intend to But that was a bargain with something that didn't exist. You said Is the keeper actually communicating with one of his animals? And if I prefer Why not just put irresistible hunger in my mind? Because you That's very interesting. You were startled. Weren't you reading my mind then? No, let's stay on the first subject. All I wanted for that moment Do primitive thoughts put up a block you can't read through? All right, all right, let's talk about the girl. You seem to be It seems more important to you now that I begin to accept her and Assuming that's a lie, why would you want me attracted to her? So You mean properly punished! I'm the one who's not co-operating! Tango! You old devil, you. I'm sorry I don't have any sugar. They read our minds very well. Home, anything else I want, if I Look, I'm sorry they punish you, but we can't let them  It's funny. It's about twenty four hours ago I was telling the You either live life, bruises, skinned knees and all, or you turn I used to ride through here when I was a kid. It's not as pretty These headaches, they'll be hereditary you know. Would you wish Is it? Look, first they made me protect you and then feel But we're not here, neither of us. We're in a menagerie, a cage! I can't help either one of us if you won't give me a chance. Now, Back in my cage, it seemed for a couple of minutes that our Oh, no. I don't hate you. I can guess what it was like. If they can read my mind, then they know I'm attracted to you.  [on monitor] I was from the very first moment Vina? We've located a magnetic field that seems to Could that be an illusion too?  Now, you all know the situation. We're hoping to transport down If our measurements and readings are an illusion also, one could Nothing will be said if any volunteer wants to back out. The women! Captain! Captain. But we were a party of six. We were the only ones transported. (grabbing Colt's laser pistol) They don't work. They were fully charged when we left. It's dead. (communicator) I Don't say anything. I'm filling my mind with a picture of beating Leave him alone. Picked her? For what? I don't understand. Offspring, as in children? Offspring as in he's Adam. Is that it? Well, shall we do a little time computation? There was a Vina I'll break out of this zoo somehow and get to you. Is your blood All I want to do is get my hands on you. Can you read these You'll find my thoughts more interesting. Thoughts so primitive Captain. No. No, don't help me. I have to concentrate. They can't read Address intercraft.  Open, sir.  This is the acting captain speaking. We have no choice now but Mister Spock, the ship's controls have gone dead.  Engine room!  Open.  Mister Spock here. Switch to rockets. We're blasting out.  There's nothing. Every system aboard is fading out. Now you hold still, or I'll break your neck. I've had some samples of how good they are. You stop this illusion, or I'll twist your head off. (it stops) Nothing. But for the batteries we'd lose gravitation and oxygen. The computers!  I can't shut it off. It's running through our library. Tapes, Could be we've waited too long. It's collecting all the I'm going to gamble you're too intelligent to kill for no reason On the other hand, I've got a reason. I'm willing to bet you've Captain.  Make contact, Number One. They kept us from seeing this, too. We cut through and never knew I want to contact our ship. And start by burying you? Look, I'll make a deal with you. You and your life for the lives Do you understand what I'm saying? You give me proof that our It's wrong to create a whole race of humans to live as slaves. The weapon is building up an overload. A force chamber explosion. Wait. And that's it? No apologies? You captured one of us, threatened But wouldn't some form of trade, mutual co-operation?  Captain, we have transporter control now. Let's get back to the ship. Mister Spock here.  All power has come on, Mister Spock. The helm is answering The captain? You'll give her back her illusion of beauty?  What's happened to Vina?  Isn't she coming with us? No. No, and I agreed with her reasons. Hold on a minute.  Oh, I feel fine, just fine.  You look a hundred percent better.  You recommended a rest, a change of pace, didn't you? I've even Yeoman.  Yes, sir.  I thought I told you that when I'm on the bridge I  Oh. Oh yes. The reports. Thank you.  Sir, I was wondering. Just curious. Who would have been Eve?  Yeoman! You've delivered your report.  Yes, ma'am. Yes, sir.  Eve, sir? Yes, sir.  Eve as in Adam?  As in all ship's doctors are dirty old men. What are we running All decks show ready, sir.  Engage.   Your move, Captain.  We should have intercepted by now. The Bridge said they'd call.  I'll have you checkmated your next move.  Have I ever mentioned you play a very irritating game of chess, Irritating? Ah, yes. One of your Earth emotions.  Certain you don't know what irritation is?  The fact one of my ancestors married a human female  Terrible having bad blood like that.  No visual contact, Mister Kelso?  Not large enough even for a lifeboat.  Lock onto it, Mister Kelso. Materialiser ready, sir.  Bring it aboard. Old-style ship recorder that could be ejected More like destroyed the ship in this case. Look at it. Burnt, Let's hope its tapes are intact. We'll feed it through Mister Yes, sir. It's begun transmitting, sir.  Flash the Bridge. Put all decks on the alert. Getting into shape?  He played most illogically. His next move should have been the Screen on.  Neutralise warp, Mister Mitchell. Hold this position.  Address intercraft.  This is the Captain speaking. The object we encountered is a The tapes are burnt out. Trying the memory banks.  We hope to learn from the recorder what the Valiant was doing Astro sciences standing by, Captain.  Engineering division ready, as always.  Getting something from the recorder now.  Decoding memory banks. I'll try to interpolate. The Valiant had The old impulse engines weren't strong enough.  Swept past this point, about a half light year out of the Extrasensory perception. Doctor Dehner, how are you on ESP?  I'm asking what you know about ESP.  Severe damage. Seven crewmen dead. No, make that six. One Comments?  That's probably the best argument to continue the probe. Other Force field of some kind.  Sensor beam on.  Deflectors full intensity.  Deflectors say there's something there, sensors say there isn't. Gravitation on automatic. (consoles blow up) Emergency stations. Negative!  Helmsmen, take us out of here. (Dehner gets hit by an electric Damage control reports, all stations!  Main engines are out, sir. We're on emergency power cells. Gary. Gary, are you all right?  And you, are you feeling all right?  I think we've found that answer, Doctor.  You mentioned that tests show you have a high degree of Before the Valiant was destroyed, its captain was frantically Are there not also those who seem to see through solid objects, Doctor Dehner is speaking of normal ESP power.  Do we know for sure, Doctor, that there isn't another kind? I've been worried about you ever since that night on Deneb IV.  Do you feel any different?  How?  I wasn't that bad, was I?  You what? You planned that?  I almost married her!  You? Spinoza?  Go on.  I'm going to ask Doctor Dehner to keep you under observation for Consider it a challenge.  He's reading even faster now than just a few Put a twenty four hour watch on the Sickbay. Fullest possible Our subject is not Gary Mitchell. Our concern is, rather, what That's enough, Doctor.  It is my duty, whether pleasant or unpleasant, to listen to the Have you noted evidence of unusual powers?  Mister Scott, would you repeat what you just told us?  About an hour ago, the Bridge controls started going crazy. And on my monitor screen I could see Mitchell smiling each time Are they right, Doctor? Has he shown abilities of such magnitude? And you didn't think it worth mentioning?  Mister Sulu.  If you want the mathematics of this, Mitchell's ability is In less time than that, he will have attained powers we can't There'll be no discussion of this with the crew. Thank you. We'll never reach an Earth base with him aboard, Jim. You heard I need a recommendation, Spock, not vague warnings.  Recommendation one. There's a planet a few light days away from And if we can't? We'll be trapped in orbit there. We haven't It is the only possible way to get Mitchell off this ship.  If you mean strand Mitchell there, I won't do it. That station is Then you have one other choice. Kill Mitchell while you still Get out of here.  It is your only other choice, assuming you make it while you Will you try for one moment to feel? At least act like you've got The captain of the Valiant probably felt the same way, and he Set course for Delta Vega. Are you reading all our thoughts, Gary?  What would you do in my place?  I want him unconscious for a while. (Dehner sedates him)  Energise. Can you do it, Lee?  Take him.  Nobody but us chickens, Doctor. The fuel bins, Lee. Could they be detonated from here? Do it. He's regaining consciousness. Doctor Piper. I want only one medical officer And almost died. I remember.  You've been testing your ability to take over the Enterprise. In Yes. In the Sickbay, you said if you were in my place, you'd kill Gary. Gary, don't!  His eyes went back to normal.  Fighting the force field drained his strength, for a while at (having put new panel in a bridge station)  Oh, did Mister Spock get the phaser I didn't order any (Spock enters with rifle) Affirmative. Landing He tried to get through the force field again. His eyes changed Doctor Dehner feels he isn't that dangerous. What makes you right Because she feels. I don't. All I know is logic. In my opinion If Mitchell gets out, at your discretion, Lee, if sitting here, Have Doctor Piper meet us in the control room with Kelso. We'll If he should try to stop us  Kelso will be on the destruct button until the last minute. I  You're a talented thief, Kelso. Everything you sent up You're leaving with the ship, Doctor.  I gave you an order, Doctor.  Doctor Dehner?  Don't give him a pill until after I'm gone. It's my fault When Mister Spock recovers, you'll both transport up immediately If you have not received a signal from me within twelve hours, You must help me Before it goes too far.  And for humanity? You're still human  At least partly, you are, or you wouldn't be here talking to me.  What will Mitchell learn in getting there? Will he know what to Did you hear him joke about compassion? Above all else, a god Then let's talk about humans, about our frailties. As powerful as You were a psychiatrist once. You know the ugly, savage things we Then watch him. Hang on to being a human for one minute longer.  A god, but still driven by human frailty. Do you like what you To you? Not to both of you?  There'll only be one of you in the end. One jealous god. if all Do you like what you see? Absolute power corrupting absolutely. Gary, forgive me.  Enterprise from Captain Kirk, come in. Captain's log, Star date 1313.8. Add to I felt for him, too.  I believe there's some hope for you after all, Mister Spock.  One degree to overlap. Stand by to Three days of this now, sir. Other ships must have made star Negative, Lieutenant. We are the first to reach this far. Sir, contact with an object. It's moving toward us. No visual Deflectors, full intensity. It's coming at light speed. Collision course. Evasive maneuvers, Mister Sulu. Object changing direction, too, sir. Keeps coming at us. I'm getting no signal from it, sir. Still collision course. Deflectors aren't stopping it. Sound alarm. It's slowing down, Mister Spock. Countermand alarm. All engines full stop. Visual contact. Ahead slow. Steer a course around it, Mister Sulu. It's blocking the way! Quite unnecessary to raise your voice, Mister Bailey. All Bridge to all decks. Condition alert. All decks, condition alert. Just a few seconds more. (on back, pumping pedals) Just a few seconds more. That's a boy. Keep it up. Work up a little sweat, it'll will do You're killing me. You're killing me. Stop. Winded? You'd be the last one I'd tell. (sees light, goes to desk [on monitor] Have a look at this, Captain. What's that?  Undetermined. Whatever it is, it's blocking our way. When A vessel of some kind?  Negative. More some type of device. I'll be right up. You could see the alarm lights flashing from Finally finished a physical on you, didn't I. (Kirk leaves) What  All decks alert. All decks alert. Bridge. Captain to Bridge.  Spock here. Any changes?  Negative. Whatever it is, it seems to just want to hold us Any indication of danger from it?  Negative. I'll change first then. Captain out. All decks have reported green, Mister Bailey. Yes, sir. And when the Captain arrives he will expect a full report on  The cube's range and position. I'll have it by then. Raising my It does sound most inconvenient, however. Have you considered Very funny. You try to cross brains with Spock, he'll cut you to pieces every Captain to Bridge. [on monitor] Spock here. Any signs of life? [on monitor] Negative. Have you tried all hailing frequencies? [on monitor] Affirmative. No answer from the cube. Have the department heads meet me on the Bridge.  [on monitor] Already standing by. Reporting, sir. Sensors show it is solid, Lieutenant Uhura. Hailing frequencies still open, sir. I get no message from it. Navigation. Distance from us, fifteen hundred ninety three metres, position Each of its edges measures one hundred seven metres. Mass, a Scotty.  Motive power? Beats me what makes it go. I'll buy speculation. I'd sell it if I had any. That's a solid cube. How something Life sciences. Same report. Sir, we going to just let it hold us here? We've got phaser I'll keep that in mind, Mister Bailey, when this becomes a Anything further, gentlemen? I believe it adds up to either one of two possibilities. First, Second? Flypaper. And you don't recommend sticking around. Negative. It would make us appear too weak. It's time for action, gentlemen. Mister Bailey  Bridge to Phaser Gun Crew Countermand. I'll select what kind of action. I'm sorry, sir. I thought you meant  Are you explaining Mister Bailey? I haven't requested an Yes, sir. We'll try pulling away from it. Yes, sir. Helmsman to Engine Room, stand by. All decks alert. Course plotted and laid in, sir. Engage, Mister Sulu. Quarter speed. Point two five, sir. Still blocking us, sir. Let's see if it'll give way. Ahead half speed. Point five oh, sir. Radiation from the short end of the spectrum increasing. All stop. Hold position. It's still coming toward us. Range, one hundred ninety metres. Radiation increasing. Power astern, half speed. Half speed. Radiation nearing the tolerance level. Still coming, gaining on us. Engines astern, full speed. Full speed. Range one hundred twenty five metres now. Helm, give us warp speed. Warp one, sir. Radiation at the tolerance level. Warp two, sir. Speed is now warp three. Radiation passing the tolerance level, entering lethal zone. Range fifty one metres and still closing, sir. Phaser Crew stand ready. Phaser Crew reports ready, sir. Growing. We can take only a few more seconds of this. Lock phasers on target. Mister Bailey, lock phasers.  Phasers locked on target, sir. At point-blank range and closing. Fire main phasers. Nothing, Captain. No contacts, no objects in Care to speculate on what we'll find if we go on ahead? Speculate? No. Logically, we'll discover the intelligence which Intelligence different from ours or superior? Probably both, and if you're asking the logical decision to make No, I'm not. The mission of the Enterprise is to seek out and Has it occurred to you that there's a certain inefficiency in It gives me emotional security. Navigator, set a course ahead. Plotted. Laid in, sir. Engage. Warp one, sir. Mister Bailey, phaser crews were sluggish. You were slow in Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Your timing is lousy, Jim.  Your men are tired. Captain's quarters. Aren't you the one who always says a little I never say that.  This is the Bridge. Prepare for simulated attack. I'm especially worried about Bailey. Navigator's position's I think he'll cut it. Oh? How so sure? Because you spotted something you liked in him,  On the double, deck five! Give me a green light. Why, Doctor, you've been reading your textbooks again? I don't need textbooks to know you could've promoted him too  Condition alert. Battle stations.   Engineering, deck five, report. Phaser What's next? They're not machines, Jim? Well, they're not. After what they've been through they really Doctor McCoy, I've heard you say that man is ultimately superior No, I never say that, either. I could've sworn I heard you say that. Kirk here.  Exercise rating, Captain. Ninety four percent. Let's try for one hundred, Mister Spock.  Agreed. What are you going to do with that six percent when they give it I'm going to take it, and I'm going to (door opens) What the devil is this? Green leaves? Your weight was up a couple of pounds, remember? Will you stop hovering over me, Yeoman? Bring some for the doctor, too. No, no. No, I never eat until the crew eats. Thank you, Yeoman.  This is the Bridge. All decks prepare to better reaction When I find the headquarters genius that assigned me a female What's the matter, Jim. Don't you trust yourself? I've already got a female to worry about. Her name's the  Engineering decks alert. Phaser crews, let's  Countermand that. All decks to battle stations. This is not a Kirk here.  We're picking up an object, sir. Much larger, coming toward Coming. Exceptionally strong contact. Not visual There, sir. Half speed. Prepare for evasive action. Reducing to warp two, sir. Tractor beam, Captain. Something's grabbed us, hard. Engines overloading, sir. All engines stop. All engines stopped, sir. Phaser crews stand ready. Bridge to phaser crews, stand ready. Fascinating. What's its mass, Mister Spock? Reading goes off my scale, Captain. Must be a mile in diameter. Over five thousand metres away, and it still fills the screen. Reduce image. Let me see all of it. Magnification two five, sir. Magnification one eight point five, Ship to ship. Hailing frequencies open, sir. This is the United Earth ship Enterprise. We convey greetings and A message coming over my navigation beam. Pick it up. Switching, sir.  And trespassed into our star systems. This is Balok, Ship to ship. Hailing frequencies open, sir. This is the Captain of the Enterprise speaking. The warning Captain, we're being invaded by exceptionally strong sensor  No further communication will be accepted. If there is the They're shutting off some of our systems, Captain. Brilliant. Does the recorder marker have this on its tapes? Enough to warn other Earth ships. Mister Bailey, dispatch recorder marker. Mister Bailey? Recorder marker dispatched, sir. Marker on course. Heading back the way we (big bang)  Your recorder marker has been destroyed. You have been Might be interesting to see what they look like if I can locate Balok's message. It was heard all over the ship. Captain to crew. Those of you who have served for long on this Hailing frequencies open, sir. This is the Captain of the USS Enterprise. We came seeking What? A course? Plotted and laid in, sir. Engage, warp factor one. Warp factor. There's no response. Switch to impulse. All engine systems show dead, and weapon systems. Switching to screen. I believe I can get something visual. [on viewscreen] You are wasting time and effort. There is no I was curious to see how they appeared. Yes, of course you were. I don't understand this. Spock's wasting time. Everybody else Easy, Bailey. What do they want from us? Let's find out what they want us to They want us to lose our heads. We've only got eight minutes left. Seven minutes and forty five seconds. He's doing a countdown! Practically end of watch. What, are you all out of your minds? End of watch? It's the end Bailey, you're relieved! Escort him to his quarters, Doctor. Let's go. (McCoy and Bailey leave)  Ship to ship. Hailing frequencies open, sir. This is the Captain of the Enterprise speaking. It is the custom [on viewscreen] You now have seven minutes left. Four minutes, thirty seconds. You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mister Sulu. Jim.  Four minutes. What's the matter with them out there? They must know we mean They're certainly aware by now that we're totally incapable of There must be something to do, something I've overlooked. In chess, when one is outmatched, the game is over. Checkmate. Is that your best recommendation? I'm s, I regret that I can find no other logical alternative. Assuming we get out of this, Captain Nobody's given up yet. Well, then about Bailey. Let me enter it in my medical records That's my decision, Doctor. And your mistake. You overworked him, pushed him, expected too I'm ordering you to drop it. I have no time for you, your I intend to challenge your actions in my records. I'll state Any time you can bluff me, Doctor.  Three minutes. All right, Doctor. Let's hope we have time to argue about it. Not Hailing frequencies open, sir. This is the Captain of the Enterprise. Our respect for other  You now have two minutes. Destroying the attacker! It may interest you to know that since However, it was well played. I regret not having learned more Then may heaven have helped your mother. Quite the contrary. She considered herself a very fortunate Doc. Sorry. For having other things on your mind? My fault. I don't how the One minute. I knew he would. (Bailey enters) If anyone's Request permission to return to post, sir. Permission granted. Eleven, ten seconds, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, A very interesting game, this poker. It does have advantages over chess.  Love to teach it to you.  This is the Commander of the Fesarius. Here it comes. Is it raise or call?  The destruction of your vessel has been delayed. We will Hold on that. Let him sweat for a change. Ship to ship. Hailing frequencies, sir. Request denied. I have visual contact, Captain. [on viewscreen] We will soon inform you of our decision I thought the power was off in the galley. Something's going on, Captain. (something leaves the Fesarius)  It's a small ship.  About two thousand metric tons.  It has been decided that I will conduct you to a planet of Engine systems coming on, Captain.  Do not be deceived by the size of this pilot vessel. It has Tractor beam again.  So that you may sustain your gravity and atmosphere, your We're being towed, sir. Captain, he's pulling out a little ahead of He's sneaked power down a bit. Our speed is down to point six four of light. I want a right angled course. Shear away from him no matter which Yes, sir. Maximum acceleration when I give the word. Yes, sir. Engage. It's a strain, Captain. Engines are overloading. More power. We're superheating. Intermix temperature, seven thousand four Shear away, Mister Bailey. Two thousand degrees above maximum. Eight four, eight five, Now, Mister Sulu. Impulse power two. We're breaking free, sir. All engines stop. All engines stopped, sir. Engines need work badly, Captain. Can you hold it here a few That may not be wise. He got a signal through to the mother ship. Then we're not home yet. A signal, Captain. It's very weak. It's Balok. It's a distress Any reply? Negative, sir. The signal is growing weak. Sir, I doubt if the Plot a course for it, Mister Bailey. For it, Captain? Dead ahead. This is the Captain speaking. First Federation vessel Course plotted and laid in, sir. Mister Scott, ready the transporter room. Aye, sir. (leaves) Mister Sulu, bring us to within one hundred metres. Ahead slow. Ahead slow, sir. Jim, don't you think What's the mission of this vessel, Doctor? To seek out and Sir? The face of the unknown. I think I owe you a look at it. Yes, sir. Captain, request permission to Denied. If I'm wrong, if it's a trap, I want you here. Transporter ready? Well, yes, sir, but it's risky. We're locked on what appears to Air sample? Breathable. In fact, a slightly higher oxygen content than our Thank you, Scotty. Ready, Doctor? No, but you won't let that stop you. Bend low, gentlemen. It reads pretty cramped over there. Ready Energise. It's a dummy. A puppet of some kind. I'm Balok. Welcome aboard. (curtain opens to reveal a small I'm Captain Kirk.  And McCoy and Bailey. Sit. Be comfortable. Go ahead, be seated. Commander Balok. I know, I know, a thousand questions. But first, the tranya. Commander, that puppet. My alter ego, so to speak. In your culture, he would be Mister Testing us? I see. I had to discover your real intentions. But you probed our memory banks. Your records could have been a deception on your part. And your crew? I have no crew, Doctor. I run everything, this entire complex, Yes. Both our cultures would benefit. Do you know where we can Me, sir. I'd like to volunteer. Ah. You represent Earth's best, then. No, sir, I'm not. I'll make plenty of mistakes.  But you'd find out more about us that way, and I'd get a better (laughs) I see. We think much alike, Captain, you and I. Now, There he is, sir. Centre screen. Still trying Don't lose him, Mister Sulu. No, sir. Earth ship, Mister Spock?  Difficult to say, Captain. We're getting no registration beam If it is, he'll soon overload his engines. Sir, he's pushing his engines too hard.  Changing course again. He knows we're after him all right. Stay with him, Mister Sulu. Communication? I've tried all frequencies, sir. He refuses to answer. Unless He's receiving us alright.  Approaching an asteroid belt, Captain. Schiller rating three Deflectors on, Mister Farrell.  He's seen the asteroids too, sir.  Stay with him. He'll try to lose us in them.  If one hits him.  Sensor reading on the vessel. I make it out as a small class J Try to warn him. If he loses power now  He's drifting into the asteroid belt, Captain.  Captain, if we try, we'll overload our own engines. He's too far Cover him with our deflector screen, Mister Farrell. Scotty, Aye, sir. (they leave)  We're overloading, Captain. Engine temperatures climbing.  That was one of our lithium crystal circuits, sir.  Bridge to transporter room. If you don't start beaming that crew  They're not answering our signal. There's nothing to lock (lights go out again) Another circuit, sir.  I'm getting a distress signal call from them, sir.  Scotty, we're getting a distress signal.  We're locked onto something, Captain.  You're aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise.  How many more in your crew?  Your vessel's breaking up, man. If we don't get them over here Another lithium circuit. Now supplementing Scotty, how many of them did you get aboard?   Only one, sir, but we've locked onto three more. What's wrong?  I don't know, sir. With those three lithium crystals gone  It'll take longer on battery power.  Never trusted this.  Asteroid hit him dead centre.   Bridge to transporter room. Their vessel Not yet, sir, but we've hooked onto something. (three women beam  Kirk to transporter room. Report.  Bridge to transporter room.  Deflector screen down, Mister Farrell. Save the power.   Captain to transporter room. Are you Oh, er, four in all, sir.   If that captain can walk, I want him in my cabin I want him there whether he can walk or not. Yes. Yes, they are.  Curious. You're certain this was everyone aboard, Mister Walsh? You can explain that to the Captain. (the group leave)  Amen to that, Scotty. Deck twelve.  Come.  The Commander of the transport to see you, Captain.  Good. Now, if you don't mind telling  And the ladies? Is this your crew, Captain?  Your name, please.  Mister Walsh, I'm convening a ship's hearing on your actions. And you're a liar, Mister Walsh. I think we both understand each You're on duty, Johnny-o. Back to reality.  I noticed. How I noticed. Come on, Johnny.  We've got trouble, Mister Spock.  I'm well aware of that, Mister Scott.  One lithium crystal left, and that with a hairline split at the Better rig a by-pass circuit.  Can't. We blew the whole converter assembly.   Kirk here.  Needed on the bridge, Captain. The entire ship's power is feeding through Well, switch to by-pass circuits.  We burned them all out when we super-heated. That jackass Walsh If it makes you feel better, Engineer, that's one jackass we're But it's frustrating. Almost a million gross tons of vessel And that crystal won't hold up, not pulling all our power Well, Mister Spock?  There's a lithium mining operation on Rigel 12. High-grade ore, Location and distance.  Mister Farrell has the course. Less than two day's travel.  Make for Rigel 12, Mister Spock.  Rigel 12, Mister Farrell. You have the course. This hearing is convened. Stardate 1329.2, on State your name for the record.  Incorrect.  Your correct name.  State your correct name for the record.  Incorrect.  Any past offenses, Mister Mudd?  Incorrect.  Full data coming on screen. Offense record. Smuggling. Sentence suspended. Transport of Mister Mudd, you're charged with galaxy travel without a flight You're also charged with operation of a vessel without a master's Incorrect. Master's license revoked Stardate 1116.4.  Destination and purpose of journey?  Come again, Mister Mudd. You do what?  Data on witnesses.  No data.  Computer, go to sensor probe. Any unusual readings?  No decipherable reading on females. However, unusual reading Er, that's sufficient. Strike that from the record.  Incorrect.  Did these ladies come voluntarily?  The only charges are against Mister Mudd. Illegal operation of a The hearing is closed. Mister Mudd to be handed over to the legal Miss McHuron, if you don't mind  Our last crystal, sir. It's gone.  Captain Kirk, engineering section reports our entire life-support Mister Spock. Miss McHuron, would you mind. Mister Spock, will Why, yes, please do. By all means. Connors, are you finished?  Would, Would you walk past my panel again, please?  My medical scanner.  Oh no. I wouldn't trust my, my judgment, believe me. Just walk Yes, if they need it.  What? Oh, yes, they're in excellent health, all three of them.  Are you wearing some unusual kind of perfume or something I wonder what makes it do that. As a matter of fact, Miss McHuron, I do.  Yes. I'll have to talk to them about that. They, er, they don't Yes. Yes, er, now, Miss McHuron  Well, it probably appears more difficult than it is.  Neither have I.  Miss McHuron, I don't  I asked for a preorbital course, Mister That's the last time I'm giving an order twice, gentlemen. We're It'll get us to Rigel 12, sir, but it'll be a shaky orbit.  Just hang us in long enough to get six crystals, Scotty. That's I'll get you there.  Ridiculous. What are we running here. Did you examine them? Did She refused.  Well, come on, you're the doctor. What is it? Is it that we're Are they, Jim? Are they actually more lovely, pound for pound, What are they?  You mean are they alien illusions? That sort of thing?  I asked you first.  No, an alien smart enough to pull this could also keep my I don't follow you.  I don't either. Power curve still dropping, Captain.  Lay in. Computer?  We can sustain this orbit for three days, seven hours.  More than enough time. Communications, have a representative of Yes, sir.  Even burned and cracked, they're beautiful. Not at all, Mister Spock. The choice was burning this lithium Good. Show them in. I'm James Kirk, captain of the Enterprise. Fine. I'm authorised to pay an equitable price.  What did you have in mind?  (laughs) Is there anything else?  No deal. You're a long way out in space, gentlemen. You'll need It's still no deal.  Conserving batteries, sir. Half power.  All right, Childress, you've won. Now I'll Childress.  We don't have the time to spare, Captain.  You got a better idea?  Just have those crystals here when I get back. Eve! Eve! Checking, but not getting much.  The storm is ionising the atmosphere, Captain. Getting difficult Captain, this is draining our batteries further. If we only had But we don't! I didn't get any. I should have found a way. Losing communications with the miners, sir. Magnetic storm seems Has Childress reported in yet?  No, sir. He and the girl are still missing.  Sorry, Scotty. How much power do we have left?  About five hours, sir. Infrared reading. Check traverse three, grid That's Ben Childress' quarters.  There's a heat unit operating in there. It could be a cookstove. Have Mudd meet me in the transporter room.  Mudd?  The name of this game. Sit down. Tell him. Tell him, Harry.  The Venus drugs, Harry.  Oh, it exists, illegally.  He gave it to the women before you met them.  They've left for their quarters during the storm, Childress. Quite a woman, eh, Childress?  By herself. She took no drug.  Coloured gelatin.  There's only one kind of woman.  You either believe in yourself, or you don't. All right  Spock here, Captain.  Stand by. Do I beam down a search party?  Stand by, Mister Spock. We're coming aboard with the lithium  How many coming, Captain?  Eve?  Two of us, Mister Spock. Come on, Mister Mudd.  I can't do that, Harry, but I will appear as a character witness That must have been quite a talk you made Why should I work your side of the street?  I'm happy the affair is over. A most annoying emotional episode. Smack right in the old heart. Oh, I'm sorry. In your case, it The fact that my internal arrangement differs from yours, Engines engaged. Helm answering.  Ahead full.  Ahead full, sir.   That should make a good specimen.  (holding pink animal with a horn) Temperature's starting to drop. Yeah. At night it gets down to a hundred and twenty degrees below What happened?  Let's see it. Get back to the ship. Report to the Sickbay.  Right. Locked onto you. Energise. Coadjutor Magnetic. Decontaminate that uniform.  That acted like a burnout.   Captain Kirk ready to beam up.  Just one moment, Captain. It checks out okay now. You better go All right, Captain. Locked onto you. (Kirk stumbles as he leaves Yes, I'm all right. Just a little dizzy.  Let me give you a hand.  I can't get through there. Nothing serious. Don't leave the Wilson will be right back, sir.   Bridge to all decks. Section duty Thank you.  It might profit you to let Doctor McCoy give you the once-over.  All right, Engineer, I'll have my engines looked to. Thank you, Yeoman.  That's all.  You picked a good day, Fisher. Business has Saurian brandy.  What can I do for you, Jim?  (grabbing him by the neck) I said, give me the brandy! (leaves Yeah.   Mister Spock.  Come in. Yes, Mister Spock, what is it?  Is there something I can do for you, Captain?  Like what?  Well, Doctor McCoy seemed to think I should check on you.  That's nice. Come on, Spock, I know that look. What is it?  Well, our good doctor said that you were acting like a wild man, Our good doctor's been putting you on again.  Hmm. Well, in that case, if you'll excuse the intrusion Captain, I'll tell him you were properly annoyed.  Captain. What is it, Scotty?  Transporter breakdown. Continue circuit testing. We beamed up Yes?  A few seconds after they sent this one up through the Oh, my. Jim will do here, Janice.  You're too beautiful to ignore. Too much woman. We've both been Just a minute, Janice. Just a minute! (forces her onto the floor, Me? My yeoman said that? I've been resting Doctor McCoy reports that you demanded this brandy in Sickbay Not true. I haven't been to the Sickbay. Let's find out what's Sickbay. (just missing the other Kirk nursing Us?  Yeoman, look at me. Look at me, look at my face. Are there any Yeoman. I was in my room. It wasn't me.  Fisher saw?  It wasn't me!  Do you know what you're saying?  Back to that bed, bucko. Come on, let's go.  You can go now, Yeoman. (Rand leaves) There's only one logical How did all this happen?  I don't know sir, but when Fisher came up, his suit was covered Does the transporter work at all?  Yes sir, but we don't dare bring up the landing party. It might How long will it take you to find the trouble?  Can't say, sir.  We just can't leave those four men down there. It's getting dark. We're doing everything we can, sir.  Yes, I know, Scotty.  About your double, Captain.  Yes, er, yes, we'll have to find him. Search parties, Mister We can't take a chance on killing it. We have no previous Yes, that's right. We don't know, but the men have to be armed. How shall we explain it to them, Captain? The search parties are Tell them.  The search parties, Captain.  Yes, I'll make an announcement to the entire crew, tell them what Captain, no disrespect intended, but you must surely realise you Yes, I do know that, Mister Spock. What I don't know is why I Understood, Captain.  This is the Captain speaking. There's an Section chiefs, assign personnel to the  report to Mister Spock for assignment. Something?  About the phaser weapons to be set for stunning force and Oh, yes, yes. All hand phasers must be set on base cycle,  The impostor is not to be injured. Use I'm Captain Kirk!   Is not to be injured.  I'm Captain Kirk. I'm Captain Kirk! I'm Captain Kirk! I'm Captain Wilson, give me your phaser.  How have you been?   How's it going down there, Mister Sulu?  It's already twenty degrees below zero. Can't exactly   call it balmy.  Isn't there any way we can help them?  Thermal heaters were transported down. They duplicated. They Then we've got to get those men up.  Spock here.  Acknowledged. Continue the search.  We've got to find him before he, but how?  Apparently, this double, however different in temperament, has The lower levels. The Engineering deck. Set and locked on base cycle to stun, not to No. I don't want anyone else to see the  Captain, you ordered me to tell you.  Mister Spock, if I'm to be the Captain, I've got to act like one. You can't hurt me. You can't kill me. You can't. Don't youOTHER  I don't need you. (Spock neck-pinches him, and his phaser He'll be regaining consciousness soon, and Yes. yes, all right. What's the matter with me?  Judging from my observations, Captain, you're rapidly losing the You have a point, Spock?  Yes, always, Doctor. We have here an unusual opportunity to It's the Captain's guts you're analysing. Are you of that, Yes, and what is it that makes one man an exceptional leader? We What is your point, Mister Spock?  If your power of command continues to weaken, you'll soon be You have your intellect, Jim. You can fight with that!  For how long?  If I seem insensitive to what you're going through, Captain,  Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Mister Scott, sir, on the lower level of the Engineering I've found a new trouble with the  have been burned through. The abort Can you give us a status report, Captain?  We've located the trouble. It shouldn't be much longer.  Do you think you might be able to find a long rope somewhere and I'll see what we can do.   Rice wine will do, if you're short on coffee.  Engineering deck, Kirk here.   Scott here, Captain.  That unit, Scotty, status report.   The transporter unit ioniser. Nothing much left of it, sir. How bad is it?   We can't repair it in less than a week. (using phaser to heat rocks) I think we ought Kirk here, Mister Sulu.   Hot line direct to the Captain. Are we that far gone?  I gave everybody the afternoon off. I'm watching the store.   How is it down there?  Oh, lovely, except that the frost is building up. We're using This is Spock, Mister Sulu. You'll have to  Per your training programme, Mister Spock. What happened?  Apparently the body functioning weakened during the duplication He's not dying?  Yes, he is. OTHER  Help me.  How can he die? Can I survive without him?  I don't know, Jim.  Don't be afraid. Here's my hand. Hold on. You don't have to be Jim, he is back! Jim, you can use that brandy now. In fact, I'll I have to take him back inside myself. I can't survive without Jim, you're no different than anyone else. We all have our Human.  Yes, human. A lot of what he is makes you the man you are. God What do I have?  You have the goodness.  Not enough. I have a ship to command.  The intelligence, the logic. It appears your half has most of  Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Spock here. Would you come to the transporter room. We Coming. What is it?  We've found a way to get the transporter working, sir.  We've attached some bypass and leader circuits to compensate for Yes, yes. Go ahead.  (opening box with angry animal in it) I'll grab him by the Don't hurt him.  It's painless and quick. The animal will be unconscious for only If this doesn't work, I don't know what will.  Energise. Reverse.  The shock of putting him back together seems to have been too He's dead, Jim. Autopsy in-depth. Hurry. I don't know. For once, I agree with you.  I said could have, Mister Spock. We won't know until we get a No autopsy is necessary to know that the animal was terrified, Yes, yes, that sounds likely.  It couldn't understand. You can. You have your intelligence Get the transporter room ready.  Could be, if, maybe. All guesswork so far. Just theory. Jim, why That sounds, sounds reasonable. We should double-check Aren't you forgetting something, Captain?  No, I don't think I've for  Your men on the planet surface. How much time do they have left? Yes, that's right. The men. We have to take the chance, Bones. Suppose it wasn't shock, Jim. Suppose death was caused by Being split in two halves is no theory with me, Doctor. I have a Help me. Somebody make the decision.  Are you relinquishing your command, Captain?  No. No, I'm not.  Well then, we can't help you, Jim. The decision is yours.  Mister Spock, ready the transporter room. Bones, continue the  Captain Kirk, I have a tie-in with Sulu now.  Kirk here. Captain K-Kirk, Sulu here. One hundred  Can't see clearly, Doctor, to read top Mister Sulu. Mister Sulu. Can't wait. Can't let them die. OTHER  What are you going to do?  Go through the transporter, both of us. OTHER  There's nothing I can do to stop you.  It's what I have to do. It's what I have to do. What we have toOTHER  I won't fight you anymore. Oh, I feel so weak. I'll be glad Janice, hello.  Yeoman, I owe you an explanation.  Yes, I do. The transporter malfunctioned, divided me, created a (enters turbolift) Bridge.OTHER  Prepare to leave orbit, Mister Farrell. Well? OTHER  I gave you an order, Mister Farrell. OTHER  They can't be saved. Prepare to leave orbit.  Captain, I thought the plan OTHER  I've changed my mind. Man your station, Mister Spock. No! OTHER  McCoy, he's fooled you.  He (the one in the captain's chair) attacked him. OTHER  Mister Spock, you know who I am. You know what that is.  We'll let the captain handle this. OTHER  I'm the captain. Isn't that obvious? Look at his face. Yes, I know. OTHER  You want to kill me, don't you? Farrell, James, grab him. Can half a man live? OTHER  Take another step, you'll die.  Then we'll both die. OTHER  Please, I don't want to. Don't make me. Don't make me. You will. Both of us. OTHER  I want to live! You'll have to hold on to him, Captain.  Mister Spock.  Captain?  If this doesn't work.  Understood, Captain.  Mister Spock.  Ready. (beams them out)  Well, Mister Spock? (one figure is beamed back) Jim?  Get those men aboard fast.  Right away, Captain.  (as the party is wheeled away) Severe exposure and frostbite, How? I've seen a part of myself no man should ever see. All sections report ready, sir.  Good. Thank you, Mister Spock, from both of us.  Shall I pass that on to the crew, sir?  The impostor's back where he belongs. Let's forget him.  Thank you, Yeoman.  The, er, impostor had some interesting qualities, wouldn't you This is the Captain speaking. Navigator, set in course Shall we pick some flowers, Doctor? When a man visits an old Is that how you get girls to like you, by bribing them? There They'll be along. You rushed us down ten minutes early. (enter Professor Crater? Professor? Mrs. Crater? Nervous, Dr. McCoy?  Yeah, a little bit, I guess. You see, we walked out of each Nancy.  It's good to see you. You haven't aged a day. Oh, this is Captain Jim Kirk of the (seeing an older woman than McCoy does) Mrs. Crater. I've heard a And Crewman Darnell.  Something wrong, Darnell?  A little less mouth, Darnell.  Why don't you step outside, Darnell.  Maybe I'll step outside, too.  Plum?  Plum.  I'll, er, I'll wait for the professor and I'll catch you both at Professor Crater, I'm Captain Kirk. This is  I'm pleased you're doing well but I'm required to confirm that What you want is unimportant right now. What you will get is Quote. All research personnel on alien planets are required to He's all yours, Plum. Doctor McCoy.  Sit down and breathe deeply, please.  You did.  That's me. Didn't she mention I was here?  She went out to get you.  Yes. Why?  Well, it certainly hasn't aged her. She looks exactly as I knew Quite all right.  I'm not joking, Jim. She hasn't aged a day. She doesn't have a She's got some grey, Bones. Excuse me, Professor, she's a Well at any rate she doesn't look a day over thirty.  Open your mouth.  The machine is capable of almost anything but I'll still put my (removing a piece of plant from Darnell's mouth) McCoy.  Dead, Jim. Strange. A red mottling all over his face.  What happened?  I've just lost a crewman, Mrs. Crater. I want to know what Take it easy, Nancy. Just tell us what you know.  No, no, no, no, it's not that. It's something entirely We're well aware of our next duties, Professor. We'll complete Lock onto us. Three beaming up.   Locked onto you, Captain.  Miss Uhura, your last sub-space log contained an error in the Mister Spock, sometimes I think if I hear that word frequency Cry?  I was just trying to start a conversation.  Well, since it is illogical for a communications officer to No, you have an answer. I'm an illogical woman who's beginning Vulcan has no moon, Miss Uhura.  I'm not surprised, Mister Spock.  Bridge acknowledging.  I don't believe it.  Explain.  You explain. That means that somebody is dead and you just sit Lieutenant, my demonstration of concern will not change what She called it a Borgia plant.  Something new to me.   Bridge to Dispensary.  Go ahead, Mister Spock.  [on monitor] Borgia plant listed in library record tapes as Hmm. Well then, this man wasn't poisoned.  Stand by, Mister Spock. She said she saw him eat the plant.  She's mistaken. I know alkaloid poison, what to look for. There were bits of the plant in his mouth.  Jim, don't tell me my business. He could not have swallowed any. Then what kills a healthy man  I'll tell you something else. This man shouldn't be dead. I How your lost love affects your vision, Doctor, doesn't interest Yes, sir. Message, Captain. Starship base on Caran 4 requesting Got it, Captain.  Well?  No mistake in our record tapes. Borgia plant. Its sole deadly And Professor Crater and wife?  Check out perfectly. They arrived here nearly five years ago.  Dispensary to Captain.  Kirk here.   We found something.  What is it?  I'd rather not put it on the speaker.  Fascinating.  So improbable we almost didn't check it.  What?  Sodium chloride. Not a trace of it.  This man has no salt in his body at all.  Can you explain that, Doctor?  I can't, except that what we normally carry in our bodies is He would die almost instantly.  How? There isn't a mark on his body.  Except the red rings on his face.  You called that skin mottling.  I thought it was, sir. Another error on my part.  I'm not counting them, Bones. Are you in the mood for an apology? Oh, forget it. I probably was mooning over her. I should have Perhaps you were. Both Nancy and Crater went out of their way to Salt tablets.  Mister Spock, outfit a landing party. We're beaming down with I have, Professor. Believe me, I have. Where is Mrs. Crater? I Mrs. Crater. I won't ask again.  Green, find her.  Mister Spock.   Standing by.  Sturgeon, transport a sample of the plant to Mister Spock. We'll  Complete analysis.  Your complaint is noted, sir. Look, something we don't understand Bones, tell the professor what the autopsy revealed.  Our crewman died of salt depletion. Sudden, total loss of it. And by coincidence, both you and Mrs. Crater requested salt We're all aware of the need for salt on a hot and arid planet (checking tablets) Salt.  One of the missions of the Enterprise is to protect human life in But I can, Professor.   Spock here.  Arrange quarters for Professor and Mrs. Crater. Did you get the  It is the Borgia variety, Captain. Could not have caused Jim, he's run off.   Professor Crater! Professor Crater!   Professor Crater!  Professor Crater! Professor! Professor!  Jim! Jim, it's Sturgeon. He's dead.  We'd better locate Crewman Green. Green! Green! Crewman Green, Crewman Green, report! Green! Green, where are you? Could it be I don't know. Green! (Green arrives) Did you see this?  Same red rings on his face. Have you seen Nancy, Mrs. Crater?  I'm worried about her, Jim. She's not at the quarters, she's not Crater!  Nancy, it's Leonard!  We're beaming aboard the ship, Doctor.  You can't leave her!  We can't search this whole planet on foot.  Jim!  You could learn something from Mister Spock, Doctor. Stop Kirk to Bridge.   Spock here.  Break out the surface search equipment. I want co-ordinates on  Acknowledged.  There's a body down there. Sturgeon.  You could use some sleep, Bones.  All right, Jim. Bridge. Something odd, Captain. You said two people.  Professor and Nancy Crater.  We get a reading on only one person, probably Crater. He's Expand search radius.  Yes, sir.  In here feeding the weepers, Janice.  May the Great Bird of the Galaxy bless your planet.  Her name's Gertrude.  Why do people have to call inanimate objects she, like she's a Hello, Green.  (stroking plant) Take it easy. Calm down. Very sensitive.  (to crewmen) The door to my quarters still rattles when it opens. I see. So naturally, when I'm lonely I think of you.  Una kafeeri Hur. You're Swahili?   Lieutenant Uhura to the Bridge. (the crewman begins to reach Wait a minute, I'll walk along.   Lieutenant Uhura, report to the Bridge.  Lieutenant Uhura. On my way, sir. McCoy to Bridge. Captain there?  [on monitor] Kirk here. Nothing to report, Doctor. We haven't Nope.  [on monitor] Try taking one of those red pills you gave me last The simple fact is unless there's something seriously wrong with All right. We'll triangulate on him. We'll let Professor Crater Yes, Captain.  Nancy. Well, come in. come in. I've been worried sick about you. Well.  Nancy, er  You're as bad as Jim Kirk. He's been telling me to take these.  Bridge. Sulu. Trouble on deck nine, section two. We need a (lying on bed) I was so worried. Your husband acting strange,  Medical department alert. Doctors and medics acknowledge.   Dr. McCoy to the Bridge. Dr. McCoy to the Bridge. (Nancy Professor Crater.  We? Where's your wife, Professor? We're concerned about her.  Where's your wife, Professor?  We're worried about her safety. Aren't you? Professor, you're a  Casualty, Captain. Barnhart was found dead on deck nine. Spock cutting in, Captain. Something here, through the arches to Stand by, Mister Sulu. Spock has something.  Green.  He beamed up to the ship with us.  Or something did. Enterprise from Kirk.   Bridge. Sulu.  You have an intruder aboard. Could be masquerading as Crewman  GQ security three, sir.  General quarters three. Intruder alert. GQ three. Intruderalert. General quarters three. Intruder alert. GQ three. Intruder alert.  Reporting GQ three secure, Captain. Do you require Crater knows the creature. If we could take him alive.  Negative, Lieutenant, but keep locked in on us. Kirk out. Let's Obviously, taking him alive is going to be difficult.  Set your phaser on one quarter. I'll leave mine on stun.  Why risk your life for his?  He's not trying to kill us, he's trying to frighten us, and he's GQ three now secured except for decks five, seven, and ten. Come He's not in supply and maintenance.  Go to Engineering now. Run through file photos of the crewmen Check.  Keep in mind if you find him, he's not Crewman Green. The Captain He, whatever, was probably your crewman, too, Lieutenant.  He must have been it. You know, I would have remembered a The creature leading you a merry chase, Mister Sulu?  The creature?  Or whatever it is that's killing the crewmen. Perhaps I can Set. Acknowledged. Crater! (Kirk fires his phaser)  Your wife, Professor. Where is she? Your wife, Professor. Where The last of her kind?  Just stunned. You'll be able to think in a minute.  The Earth buffalo. What about it?  And now they're gone. Is that what you mean?  Always in the past tense. Where's your wife? Where is she now?  When?  Kirk to Enterprise.   Bridge to Captain. Sulu here.  It's definite, Mister Sulu. The intruder can assume any shape.  Affirmative, Captain.  Go to GQ four.   General quarters four, Captain.  Kirk to transporter room. Three to beam up.  There's one, Professor. Your creature is killing my people.  Deck five, section three. Deck five, section three. Report.  Negative, Captain. I've checked every face on this vessel. It Yeoman Rand, how long was this Green with you?  Mister Spock?  Supplies of salt have been set out as bait at all decks and Dr. McCoy?  Yes?  Medical department report, Doctor.  Oh. Well, we could offer it salt without tricks. There's no Your attitude is laudable, Doctor, but your reasoning is No, it's simply trying to survive by using its natural ability And like us, it's an intelligent animal. There's no need to hunt A very interesting hypothesis, Doctor. Briefing room.  [on monitor] All the halls sealed off. All weapons accounted for Thank you, Lieutenant. Continue the search. Crater, we don't know Can you recognise this thing When you see it? Professor, I'll And it becomes Nancy for you.  You bleed too much, Crater. You're too pure and noble. Are you Have you learned to see this thing in whatever form it becomes?  Are you going to help us find it?  Recommend we use truth serum, Captain.  Doctor?  Well, I resist using it, but in this case the professor will Take him.  I'll accompany you, Doctor.  Oh, yes. Of course. (on biobed) It wasn't McCoy. It was the creature. It hit me. Dead. But it had you, too.  Fortunately, my ancestors spawned in another ocean than yours Easy, easy. Nobodies going to  Move aside, Bones.  What's going on here, Jim?  She's not Nancy, Bones. Are you insane?  It killed four crewmen. Now Crater. It?  The creature. It kills. It needs salt to live. Bones, move aside. No!  My guess is she needs more. You want it, Nancy? Come and get it.  You're frightening her, Jim. Not fright. Hunger. Look at her.  Come on. You want this, Nancy? Come on Nancy. Come and get it. Stop it, Jim!  McCoy, get out of the way!  Are you out of your mind?  Get out of the way. (McCoy and Kirk struggle for the phaser while It's killing the Captain. Shoot it, Doctor, quickly!  No! No! (They struggle for the phaser. Spock gets between Nancy and Kirk.)  I won't shoot Nancy.  This is not Nancy. (hitting her repeatedly) If she were Nancy, Stop it! Stop it, Spock! Stop it! (Nancy sends Spock flying with Is that Nancy, Doctor?  No. (she goes to Kirk again) No! (She transforms into her Lord, forgive me. (He fires again and she dies)  Ready to leave orbit, Captain.  Something wrong, Captain?  I was thinking about the buffalo, Mister Spock. Warp one, Mister Warp one, sir. Leaving orbit.  Check out the life-support systems.  Someone strangled this woman. Dead? Engineer at his post? The rest? Be certain we expose ourselves to nothing. Spock here. Do you  Kirk, affirmative. All station personnel are dead.  What caused it? Unknown, Captain. It's like nothing we've dealt with before. You received my signal, Mister Scott. Yes, sir. Decontaminate. Captain here.  Spock and Tormolen aboard, sir.  We're holding them in the chamber for Better have Medicine look them over too. Tell Mister Spock I'll You're fine, Joe. Up and out of there. The readings are perfectly normal for me, Doctor, thank you, and How are they? They're fine, Jim.  You keep wondering if man was meant to be out here. You keep I wish I could say, Captain. The circumstances were quite You'd better get some rest. Set up those tapes, Mister Spock. We'll see if the answers are Oh, thank you, Christine. Next tape, please. Thank you. Almost as though they were irrational, drugged. An engineer He'd used the computer room as if it were an amusement gallery. And a fully clothed man frozen to death in a shower. If the image Definitely not drugs or intoxication. The bio-analysis on the It could be some form of space madness we've never heard of, but Or at least none your tricorders could register. Instruments register only those things they're designed to Earth Science needs the closest possible measurement of the We will need top efficiency, Captain. It'll be a tricky orbit. The purpose of a briefing, gentlemen, is to get me answers based Unless you people on the Bridge start taking showers with your  Bridge to Captain. Kirk here.  Scanners report sudden four degree shift in planet magnetic It's beginning. Unusually rapid shifts. On our way, Lieutenant. I'll hold you to that half second, Foil. It's a rapier. A thin sword. What do you mean, what do you do with it? You practice. Hi, Joey. Your attitude is all wrong. Fencing tones the muscle, sharpens What's with him?  Attention. Engine room on standby alert. All duty personnel You sure you're all right now, Joe? We've got to leave. Take it easy, Joe. Now calm down. You're all steamed up, Joe. What are you doing, Joe? Joey, don't be a fool. Compensate, Mister Riley. Magnetic field continuing to shift, sir. Planet continuing to Mister Spock? All scanning stations manned, all recorders functioning, Captain. Obviously, this planet is condensing more rapidly than expected. Helm answering nicely, Captain. Good. Communications status, Captain. Tormolen's record? Psychiatric file, personality quotients.  Was he trying to kill himself? It's doubtful he meant to. He was confused, self-tortured. Doesn't sound like the man I know. His capacity for self-doubt has always been rather high. What Compensate with the respirator. Stand by to close. Closing. What is it? Relative gravity increase, sir. Like the planet reached out and Compensate. (adjusts Riley's controls) Compensate. This shouldn't be happening. This man should Why is this man dying? Hypo. The wounds were not that severe.  This is McCoy. Captain Kirk to Sickbay. Uhura, monitor communications. Tell McCoy I'll be there when I Yes, sir. Planet breakup is imminent, Captain. Shrinking in size at an Forcing us to spiral down to maintain the same distance from it. Exactly. We must be prepared to respond instantly to any sudden Engine room from Bridge.  Scott here, Captain. Tie into the helm, Scotty. If we should call for power, we'll  No problem, sir. You'll have it. Rate of compaction seems constant. Then I'll go see what the good doctor wants. Keep me informed of Acknowledged. Don't know if it's this planet or what happened with Joe. I'm Hey, why don't you come down to the gym with me, Kevin m'lad? Why not? Light workout will take the edge off. Intestinal damage wasn't that severe. I got That's a supposition, Doctor, not a fact. Well, that may be. Maybe. I've lost patients before, but not Coincidence? Maybe.  You mean that Joe was down on the planet surface and you're That's exactly what I was going to ask. Jim, he was decontaminated. He's been medically checked. We've That's not good enough. Well, we're doing everything that's possible. Bones, I want the impossible checked out too. Why isn't Mister Sulu at this station? Take over here, Rand. (a male, not Janice) You haven't answered my question. Where is Mister Sulu? You're relieved, Mister Riley. Lieutenant Uhura, take over this Yes, sir. Report to Sickbay, Mister Riley. Security. Mister Riley is headed for Sickbay. See to it he (brandishing foil) Richelieu, beware! Stand. Lieutenant Brent, relieve Miss Uhura. What were their symptoms? Nonviolent at this stage. Slightly disoriented. Riley seemed Irrational, or drugged. Precisely. Security, Lieutenant Uhura. Yes, sir. Both Sulu and Riley, locate and confine. I want every crewman who Sir, level two, corridor three reports a disturbance. Mister Put Security on it. Fascinating. A pattern is developing. First, Tormolen. Hidden Present condition of Psi 2000. Gravity pull increasing. We've shifted to two percent and should Helmsman, stabilise position. Warp us out of here. Impulse power then. Blast us out of this orbit. Engine room, we need power! Mister Scott, acknowledge. Our controls are dead. Take her. Richelieu, at last. Sulu, put that (discovers that the point is sharp) put that thing For honour, Queen, and France! (lunges) Sulu. Ah. Sulu, give me that. I'll protect you, fair maiden. Sorry, neither. Foul Richelieu. (distracted by Uhura's escape, Kirk is able to I'd like you to teach me that sometime. Take D'Artagnon here to Sickbay. Scotty, we need power. Engine room, acknowledge! Who's this? This is Captain Kirk. Get out of the engine room, navigator. Clear that tube, will you? Yes, sir. Captain. At our present rate of descent, we have less than And burn up. I know, Mister Spock. How did Riley get in there? He ran in, said you wanted us on the Bridge. He's cut off both helm and power. And he shut the door behind us and locked off the mechanism. Can't you get to the auxiliary? I can't. He's hooked everything through the main panel in there. Status reports, all sections. Mister Spock, a fight in the aft wardroom. Security reports Go to Alert Baker two. Seal off main sections. All decks, alert system B two. Repeat, go to alert condition We're going to seal off, Captain, if we can minimise the spread Continue the alert, Lieutenant. I can't, sir. He's cut off the alert channels. Cut him off. I can't, sir. There's no way to do it. No way, Captain. He controls the main power panels. He can Sickbay to Bridge. Can you tie me in to the Sickbay? I'm getting you, Jim. Look, can you keep  So far there's nothing unusual in his Riley's the immediate problem, Doctor. Is there any way, anything Negative, until I can get a little farther Please, not again.  I've set the jumpers up there. Stand by Engineering to Bridge. Try your helm. You'll have enough power Sixteen minutes left, Captain. We've Emergency signal, Captain. Both decks four and five. Fights and Get me Sickbay. I have no intercom for Sickbay. He keeps switching channels on See what you can do to help Doctor McCoy. Better check Scotty Crewman, report to the lab! What's going on? Crewman, stand aside. Message from the captain. Tell him I'm doing my best. If I cut through the wrong circuits We have fourteen minutes left. Even if we were under a full-scale attack I couldn't move any At the rate you're proceeding, calculations show that you'll Biopsy lab. Biopsy, where's my report? Yes? Oh, good. I'll need him conscious now. Continue to examine him Get him out of here. Take the helm. Take the helm! At least try cutting him off! Sir, if I could cut him off, don't you think I Yes, sir. I'll keep trying. Sorry. Scotty.  Engine room. We've got twelve minutes left. It'll take at least two or three  Then we'll make it, sir, if all goes right. Call me when you've cut through. I want to be there. Kirk out. Nurse? Where is Doctor McCoy? Lab. Lab, respond please. Spock here. Lab! What is it, Nurse? Nurse, you should I'm in control of my emotions. I'm sorry.  Captain is en route to Engineering, Mister Spock. Can you I am sorry. Christine.  Bridge to Sickbay. Is Mister Spock there?  Mister Spock, would you please Almost ready, sir. - Ready, sir. (to Security) Follow me through. Put your phasers on stun. Don't Get him out of here. (close to tears) I'm in control of my Scotty, we haven't got much time left.  Bridge to Captain. Kirk here.  Entering planet's outer atmosphere, sir. Captain. What is it? He's turned the engines off. Completely cold. It will take  Ship's outer skin is beginning to heat, Captain. Orbit plot Scotty! I can't change the laws of physics. I've got to have thirty Maybe twenty two, twenty three minutes. Scotty, we've got six. Captain, you can't mix matter and antimatter cold. We'd go up in We can balance our engines into a controlled implosion. That's only a theory. It's never been done. Bridge, have you found Mister Spock yet? If you wanted to chance odds of ten thousand to one, maybe, Mister Spock is not on the Bridge, Captain. (waking up screaming) I was on the Bridge. McCoy to Bio. We've isolated it. Start preparing serum. It's water. Somehow on this planet, water's changed to a complex That's how we missed it. It passed from man to man through Doc, will you let me out of here? I'm all right. Release him.  Engineers, man your stations. Engine Where have you been? What happened? My mother. I could never tell her I loved her. We've got four minutes, maybe five. An Earth woman, living on a planet where love, emotion, is bad We've got to risk a full-power start. The engines were shut off. I respected my father, our customs. I was ashamed of my Earth (hitting him repeatedly) You've got to hear me! We need a t's never been done! Understand, Jim. I've spent a whole We've got to risk implosion. It's our only chance. It's never been done. Don't tell me that again, Science Officer! It's a theory. It's  Bridge to Captain. Engineer asked, did you find Yes, I found Mister Spock! I'm talking to Mister Spock, do you Yes, sir. Three and a half minutes left, Captain. I've got it, the disease. Love. You're better off without it, and Jim. I have a beautiful yeoman. Have you noticed her, Mister Spock? Jim, there is an intermix formula. Now I know why it's called she. It's never been tested. It's a theoretical relationship between Flesh woman to touch, to hold. A beach to walk on. A few days, no Captain. Scotty, help. Stand by to intermix. I'll call the formulae in from the Bridge.  Entering upper stratosphere, Captain. Skin temperature now I've got to hang on. Tell them. Clear the corridors, the turbo Bridge. Engine room. We're set. Hyperbolic course. Direction. Direction. It doesn't matter. The way we came. Course laid in, sir. Fuel temperature. Level. (gazing at Janice) No beach to walk on. Raise antimatter eight and forty degrees. That'll take four minutes. We haven't the time. We'll have to risk it. Bridge, we're ready. Engage.  Are you all right, Jim? Are you? (Spock nods) We found a cure. We're over that part of it.  Obviously, we were successful. The engines imploded. Captain, my velocity gauge is off the scale. Engine power went off the scale as well. We're now travelling Checked elapsed time, Mister Sulu. My chronometer's running backwards, sir. Time warp. We're going backward in time. Helm, begin reversing Helm answering, sir. Power reversing. We're back to normal time, Captain. Engines ahead. Warp one. Warp one, sir. Mister Spock. Yes, sir. The time warp. What did it do to us? We've regressed in time seventy one hours. It is now three days Not those last three days. This does open some intriguing prospects, Captain. Since the We may risk it someday, Mister Spock. Resume course to our next Course laid in, sir. Steady as she goes.   All right, Chief, begin materialisation. How do you do?  Mister Evans. We've heard a great deal about you. Welcome aboard. Four hundred and twenty eight, to be exact. Is there anything we You keep interrupting, Mister Evans. That's considered wrong.  We have a large supply of entertainment tapes, gentlemen.  This must be a space first. A transport ship that doesn't need Not even Sarian brandy?  Thank you. (the pair are beamed off)  Yeoman Rand, this is Charles Evans. Show him to his quarters and That's a girl. Tell me. The ship's supply of food And you learned to talk by just listening to the ship's tapes?  You're four-oh.  Four-oh. One hundred percent. Sound of wind and limb.  Yeah.  Because that's your name.  Well, no. Captain Kirk is one of a kind, Charlie.  Why not?  Most seventeen year olds do. Come on, let's go. I'll show you to But tell me, what reason would he have to That is a very intriguing question. Scanners show no Good. Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock is working out  Excuse me, Captain. Status report.  Thank you. He's working out a training programme for Charlie Well, don't you think it'd be better for a strong father image The job is yours, Bones. Flattery will get you nowhere.  Doctor, didn't the boy make any reference at all to Thasians?  Do you believe the legend, Mister Spock, that Thasians still Charlie's very existence proves in fact there must be some By which time he would have been eating fruits, vegetables.  Probes of Thasus indicate very little edible plant life.  And probes have been known to be wrong, Spock.  Doctor, are you speaking scientifically or emotionally?  Gentlemen, the fact is the boy is here and he's alive and he And he needs a guide and he needs a father image, Jim.  Hmm. I'll depend on your astute abilities to supply him with (singing) Oh, on the starship Enterprise (singing) Now from a planet out in space, there comes a lad, not On Earth today, it's Thanksgiving. If the Say it right out, Charlie. That usually works.  Me. I see. Well, um, er, there are things you can do with a lady,  Captain Kirk.  Excuse me. Kirk here.   Captain Ramart of the Antares is on D channel.  I'm on my way to the Bridge now.  I don't think so, Charlie.  Okay.  Can you boost your power, Antares. We're Kirk here, Captain Ramart.  Re-establish contact.  They're not transmitting.  Keep trying.  Sweep the area of the Antares transmission with our probe Affirmative, Captain.  You think something happened to the Antares, Charlie?  Picking up some debris on our scanners, Captain.  What about the Antares?  The debris is what's left of the Antares.  Kirk here.  Your mind is not on the game, Captain. Check. The Antares?  A survey ship with twenty men aboard lost. No reason. Obviously, My own concern is more immediate. The boy.  I can usually follow you, Mister Spock, but this time?  He seemed to know what happened to the Antares before we did.  I'd call it a pretty long reach for evidence, Mister Spock. Come And again, check.  Checkmate.  Your illogical approach to chess does have its advantages on I prefer to call it inspired.  As you wish. At any rate, the game is yours.  You play chess, Charlie?  The principles of three-dimensional chess are basically Very well. (just three moves later) That was a mistake, Charlie. Checkmate.  What?  Charlie's a seventeen year old boy.  I talked to him about the swat. Yes, Yeoman, I'll talk to him. I'll look into it.  Come in, Charlie. Er, Charlie. Charlie, do Er, no. No, no. Sit down. Charlie, being seventeen is more than No, there's more to it than that. Now wait, wait.  You'll live, believe me. There's nothing wrong with you that You go slow. You be gentle. I mean, it's not a one-way street, She's not the girl, Charlie. The years are wrong, for one thing, No, Charlie.  No. Charlie, there are a million things in this universe you can have Hang on tight and survive. Everybody does.  Everybody, Charlie. Me, too.  Kirk here.   You asked to be notified when we were to make our course Ask Mister Spock to see to it. Charlie, come on with me. You've got to slap the floor to absorb the Well, it makes it hard to teach you  All right, Charlie. Lesson's over for today.  You have to learn to protect yourself in a fall before I do that. Watch this, Charlie. That wasn't so bad, was it? Now I'll throw That wasn't so bad, was it?  Cool off.  Charlie.  What happened to him, Charlie?  That's no answer.  Kirk here. Two men from security, on the double.  I'm confining you to quarters. I want you to stay there.  They won't hurt you, Charlie. (security arrive) They'll take you Go to your quarters.  Go to your quarters or I'll pick you up and carry you there.  That's your choice, Charlie.  They won't hurt you.  Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Security reports that all phaser weapons have disappeared. No, I heard you. Have Doctor McCoy and Mister Spock meet me in Thasians have been referred to in our What are chances that Charlie's not an Earthling, that he's a No, I don't think so, not unless they're exactly like Agreed.  Well, whatever he is, we have some idea of the power he has. I Considering the effect a normal adolescent has on a home, Short-tempered, because he doesn't understand. He needs, he The probability is he's responsible for the destruction of the He doesn't understand what life is. He's a boy.  Well, what do we do with this boy, Jim? How do we keep him caged It goes even further than that, Doctor. We can't take him with us And with a weapon in him which could destroy you or anyone, Well, for the moment he's stopped. You're an authority he Agreed. The struggle must remain between you and him. Should any Are you responsible for what happened to the Antares, Charlie?  Answer me.  What about us, Charlie?  We're in the hands of an adolescent. Lieutenant, raise Colony Five. I want to Yes, sir.  Navigator, lay a course away from Colony Five. Buy me some time.  Spock, get the doctor up here on the double. How bad is it?  I think it's all right, sir. Sir, there's no reason for that Mister Spock, you getting any readings on your instruments?  Yes, sir. There's a Tyger, tyger, burning bright in the forest Mister Spock.  I'm trying to Saturn rings around my head, down a road that's Release the transmitter.  What's going on here? Spock calls me to the Bridge and goes into See to her, Doctor.  Once upon a midnight dreary while I pondered, weak and weary.  That's enough, Charlie.  Leave my crew alone. (Charlie leaves)  Jim, he'll soon reach a point where he won't back down.  I know. Spock.  Mister Spock?  My legs. They're broken.  Let him go, too, Charlie.  Because I'm telling you to. Because you need me to run the ship, And what about Yeoman Janice? Is she dead? Gone? Destroyed?  I'll activate the force field myself. You Captain Kirk, my instruments show we're Are you creating that message, Charlie, or you're blocking one I've waited long enough. I'm going to take him on.  You don't have any special immunity. Not anymore. Pushed far Mister Spock?  Out of the question.  Wait a minute. Does Charlie? Now, wait, Spock, has he done away Not so far as we know.  Maybe he can't. Could be he's overreached himself. It's a big Risky, Jim.  If we don't try, Doctor, he'll get rid of us anyway. There's no Get out of my chair, Charlie, and get out of it now.  Maybe, Charlie, but I don't think you can handle any more. I You're going to have to take me on.  You've got my ship, and I want it back. I want my crew back, Captain, the navigation console is clear now. The ship is Sir, something off our starboard bow. The message says they're It's all right, Yeoman.  Sensors show there something's there, Captain. Deflectors The boy belongs with his own kind.  With training, we can teach him to live in our society. If he can Is there nothing you can do?  Charlie's back on board the Thasian ship, sir. They signal It's all right, Yeoman. It's all over now.    The ceremony will be carried on all viewing Good.  There was a call for you from the Bridge.  Kirk here.   Still no answer from Earth Outpost number two, Captain, and Maintain course to outpost four. Keep me informed. Kirk out.  Since the days of the first wooden vessels, all shipmasters have  Alert! Alert! All decks alert! Alert! Alert! Captain to the Kirk here.   Earth Outpost four reports they're under attack. A space Full ahead. All decks, condition red.   All decks, condition red. All decks, Outpost 4 reported under attack, sir. Then Verified, Captain.  Our speed is now maximum, sir.  Scotty.  I've talked to my engine room, sir. We'll get more speed out of Did Outpost 4 give anything at all on the attacking vessel, No identification, sir.  Mister Spock, put this star sector on our screen. Now show our All decks standing by, sir.   This is the Captain speaking. In our By any man aboard. Listen carefully. Science Referring to the map on your screens, you will note beyond the  As you may recall from your histories,  By our standards today, with primitive Which allowed no quarter, no captives. Nor What you do not know and must be told is that my command orders  Will be considered sufficient reason to  But if necessary to avoid interspace Both these outposts and this vessel will be After a whole century, what will a Romulan ship look like, Mister I had no idea that history was your specialty.  Their war, Mister Stiles. Not yours. Don't forget it.  Outpost two coming into sensor range, Captain.  Outpost 2 was the first to go silent, Lieutenant?  Yes, Captain, then Outpost three an hour later.  Sweeping the area of Outpost two. Sensor reading indefinite. Open a channel to our nearest command base. Quarter hour reports Yes, sir.  Call battle stations, Mister Sulu.  Battle stations. All hands to battle stations. Battle stations. Energise main phasers, Mister Styles. All weapons to full power.  And showing on my sensors, Captain. At least it's still there.  Sir, regaining contact with Outpost four. Switching to speakers. Kirk here. We're minutes away, Hansen. What's your status?  Confirm what hit you, Hansen. What vessel? Identity?  Can you locate the intruder for us?  Tie us in.  Tied in, sir.  Affirmative. You're visual, Hansen. What do you have on the Lock us onto your screen.  Do you have phaser capacity? We're still out of range.  Make a challenge. Warn that ship off.  Trying to, sir. They don't acknowledge.  Outpost four disintegrated, Captain.  Position of the intruder, Mister Spock.  Disappeared. Interesting how they became visible for just a When they opened fire. Perhaps necessary when they use theirweapon.  I have a blip on the motion sensor. Could be the Go to full magnification.  Screen is on full mag, sir.  I don't see anything. I can't understand it.  Invisibility is theoretically possible, Captain, with selective Continuing to challenge, sir. Still no response.  Discontinue. Contact remaining outposts. Have them signal us any Yes, sir.  Blip has changed its heading. And in a very leisurely manoeuvre. Their invisibility screen may work both ways. With that kind of His heading is now one eleven mark fourteen. The exact heading a Parallel course.  Negative. You and Mister Sulu will match its course and speed Acknowledged, sir.  Cancel battle stations. All decks, standby alert.  Cancel battle stations.  Mister Stiles.  Mister Stiles, are you questioning my orders?  I agree, sir. Respectfully recommend all decks maintain security Very well. All decks, security alert.  Security alert, sir.  Picking up communication. It's from their ship.  Pipe it in.  Sounds like code, sir.  I have a fix on it, Captain. I believe I can lock on it, get a Put it on the screen.  Decoding?  Cryptography is working on it, sir.  I didn't quite get that, Mister Stiles.  Repeat it.  I assume you're complimenting Mister Spock on his ability to Well, here's one thing you can be sure of, Mister. Leave any Transmission has been cut off. (to Spock) I made a tape of it, Very well. (runs the tape through his computer)  Something visual ahead, Captain, at extreme range. He's changing Stay with him, helm.  Turning, sir.  They're turning, sir. We're staying with Steady on one eleven mark fourteen. Back on their original What's our position, navigator?   We now have aboard debris from Outpost four, Captain.  Bring it to the briefing room. Are you ready, gentlemen?  From the outpost's protective shield. Cast Lab theorises an enveloping energy plasma forcing an implosion.  Comments?  Obviously, their weaponry is superior to ours, and they have a You're discussing tactics. Do you realise what this really comes Or on what this vessel fails to do, Doctor.  Yes, well gentlemen, the question still remains. Can we engage No question. Their power is simple impulse.  Meaning we can outrun them?  Go ahead, Mister Styles. I called this session for opinions.  Explain.  Attack, without a visible target? How do we aim our phasers?  And hope for a lucky shot before they zero in on us?  And if they could report they destroyed us?  Sit down, Mister.  I agree. Attack.  Are you suggesting we fight to prevent a fight?  Based on what? Memories of a war over a century ago? On theories Yes, indeed we do, Mister Stiles. And if Romulans are an War is never imperative, Mister Spock.  It is for them, Doctor. Vulcan, like Earth, had its aggressive Do you want a galactic war on your conscience?  Captain to Bridge.   This is Uhura, Captain.  What's our position?   Course unchanged, sir. Estimating treaty boundary in twenty Are you continuing to broadcast tactical reports?   Affirmative, Captain.  And at this distance?   Approximately three hours before receiving a reply to our Thank you, Lieutenant. Check our course ahead, Mister Spock.  A comet, magnitude seven, dead ahead, and the intruder changing Comet Icarus four. Composition?  Quite ordinary. An ionised mass, a trail of frozen vapour And when an object passes through it, even an invisible object?  It leaves a visible trail.  Our chance, gentlemen. Prepare to attack. All hands, battle Amen to that. We're taking a big gamble, Jim.  Battle status?  All stations manned, Captain.  Intruder now bearing directly for comet's tail.  Plot his exact point of entry, Mister Stiles.  The moment he begins entering the comet's tail, he becomes Acknowledged, Captain.  He's maintaining that bearing, Captain.  Let's get him, Mister Sulu.  We're losing sensor contact, Captain.  Steady as she goes. Phaser crews ready?  Phaser crew signal ready, sir.  He'll only be visible for a moment. Stand by.  Sir, nothing in  At the last moment he must have guessed our move. Hard to Hard to starboard.  He did exactly what I would have done. I won't underestimate him Phaser overload. Control circuit burnout.  It'll take time to correct, sir.  Captain, are they surrendering?  Full astern! Emergency warp speed!  Do we have emergency warp?  Full power, sir. It's still overtaking us. If we can get one Navigation?  Phasers, Mister Spock?  Impossible, Captain.  Feed this to the space recorder and jettison immediately.  Yeoman. Affirmative. Continue log entries.  Ten seconds to impact. Captain, It's dissipating, sir.  Five, four, three, two, one. Impact!  Limited range.  Phasers operational, Captain. Intruder bearing one eleven mark Back to his old course.  He may think we're destroyed, Captain.  I wouldn't make that assumption. I don't think their Captain will Intruder holding steady. Course one eleven mark fourteen.  Same as before, Mister Sulu. Stay with him.  Do we violate the treaty, Captain?  They did, Doctor.  Once inside, they can claim we did. A set-up. They want war, we We're still on our side, Captain.  Let's get them while we are. Before we enter the Neutral Zone. Ahead, sir. Maximum.  Phasers, stand by.  We know their Achilles heel, Mister Stiles. Their weapon takes I'm aware of that, Mister Stiles. Are phasers ready?  Lieutenant Uhura, inform Command base, In my opinion, no option. Motion sensor signal stopped.  Cease fire.  Debris scatter ahead, sir. We've hit him.  Vessel wreckage. Metal moulds, conduit, plastoform and a body, However?  Insufficient mass, sir.  What?  Simple debris. Not a vessel, a trick.  Go to sensor probes.  Nothing, sir. No motion out there at all. We've lost them, Captain, I must make further repairs on the transfer coil. It's All right, Mister Spock, work quietly.  Thank you, Yeoman. Bring it to the Bridge. I'll be there in a I wish I were on a long sea voyage somewhere. Not too much deck Captain, I  No, I don't really expect an answer.  But I've got one. Something I seldom say to a customer, Jim. In It's all right. It's all right.  Power on. Reverse course. He'll try to slip Lateral power, sir.  Phasers, fire.  More wreckage, sir, scattering across our Cease fire.  Debris on our scanners.  Analysis, quickly.  Same type as before, sir, except, one metal-cased object!  Helm, hard over. Phasers, fire point-blank.  Captain to Sickbay.   McCoy here.  Casualties?   Twenty two so far. Mainly radiation burns, mostly from the Thank you, Doctor. (the lights come back on) Report, Mister Nuclear device of some kind, sir. Our phasers detonated it less Ship damage?  Mainly overloads and circuit burnouts.  Weapons status?   We've only the forward phaser room, Captain.  Fully operable, Scotty?   Yes, sir. But Specialist Tomlinson is manning it alone. No Go. Lieutenant Uhura, take over navigation.  Yes, Captain.  We have engine power now, Captain, if you'd like to move off and Maybe we can pull them back to our side of the Neutral Zone. Hold Damage reports, Mister Stiles?  Will you require assistance here?  Enemy vessel becoming visible, sir.  Forward phasers, stand by. (the Romulan becomes a clear image)  Fire! Stiles, can you hear me? Fire!   Fire!  Stiles, can you hear me? Fire! Stiles!  Mister Sulu, prepare to move in on the (still at the navigation station) Hailing frequencies open, sir. Captain. Standing by to beam your survivors aboard our ship. What purpose will it serve to die?  Are you all right, Mister Spock?  Yes, very well, thank you, Captain.  And you, Stiles?  I saved a trained navigator so he could return to duty. I am How many men did we lose, Bones?  Only one. Tomlinson. The boy who was getting married this It never makes any sense. We both have to know that there was a We're entering standard orbit, Nurse. It won't be much longer.  I understand you gave up a career in bio-research to sign aboard It's been five years since his last message.  Beginning signals to surface, sir.  Put it on all frequencies, Lieutenant.  Ship's record banks show little we don't already know about this But the surface temperature of that planet is one hundred degrees It may have been inhabited once, but the sun in this system has Required reading at the academy, Mister Spock. I've always wanted I've tried all frequencies, sir. No return signal.  Keep trying.  And since then two expeditions have failed to find him.  I've run all frequencies a second time. There's no  Enterprise to Korby. We have your That's an unusual request.  The man making it is Doctor Roger Korby.  You're certain you recognise his voice?  Agreed, Doctor. However, there will be two of us.  We're on our way, Doctor. We'll be with you in a moment. Energise.  Doctor Korby? Doctor Korby. It's possible we may have hit the  Spock here, Captain. Beam down two security men.   Any problems, Captain?  Some delay in meeting us. Probably nothing at all. Kirk out. Rayburn, maintain post here.  Matthews, we'll look for Doctor Korby. Accompany us.  Is that you, Doctor Korby?  Is there a path down there?  Any chance of a projection or a ledge?  Not soon enough.  You do know him well? An old friend?  Captain Kirk to Rayburn. Report.   We lost Matthews. Apparently an accident. Tell the  And we'll both report in at hourly intervals. If you and I Where is Doctor Korby?  There's no need to apologise, sir, and certainly no need to It wasn't your fault. Kirk to Rayburn, report. I'm required to Rayburn, are you receiving?  I've lost contact with my guard. I'm required to call my ship.  Sir, one man is dead. I've lost contact with the other.  What are you doing?  Drop it! (he fires, Brown falls straight backwards and the big  Enterprise from Captain Kirk. Come in. Frequency open, Mister Spock.  Spock here, Captain.   Contact established with Doctor Korby.  We were becoming concerned, Captain. Your check-in was overdue  No problem, Mister Spock. Bear with me. Captain, are you all right? You sound tired.  Acknowledge, Captain. Is everything all right?  Yes, I know your reputation. The whole galaxy knows who you are Or disobey an order from her.  Doctor, do I need to be a prisoner to be convinced?  A simple layman's question, Doctor. Where is my other crewman? Where is my other crewman?  He's an android like Brown?  You've convinced me, Doctor. You've convinced me that you're If these mechanical things have no feelings and perform only as Mind your own business, Mister Spock. I'm sick of your half-breed As far as I know. 2 How do you do, Miss Chapel?2 Thank you. I'm more or less on parole, I understand.2 I know, I know. I'd hate to be torn between commander and2 Has he confided in you? 2 Unless something's gone wrong with his mind. 2 Nurse, if I gave you a direct order to betray him 2 Androids don't eat, Miss Chapel.  Well, there's one difference between us. I'm hungry. 2 The difference is your weakness, Captain, not mine.  Eating is a pleasure, sir. Unfortunately, one you will never2 Perhaps, but I will never starve, sir.  He's an exact duplicate?  What about memory? Tell me about Sam. 2 George Samuel Kirk, your brother. Only you call him Sam.  He saw me off on this mission. 2 Yes, with his wife and three sons.  He said he was being transferred to Earth colony two research2 No, Captain. He said he was continuing his research and that he Obviously, I can't, but we do have some interesting differences.  Programming. Different word, but the same old promises made by It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, All you wanted before was my understanding.  Yes, yes. No one need know, only to frighten uninformed minds.  You've created your own Kirk. Why do you need me?  I'm impressed, Doctor, but not the way you think! (leaps up with Christine, is that you?  Captain! Captain, We finished ahead of schedule. 2 Doctor Korby has considerable cargo to beam aboard. I'll have to You're going back down with the command pack? 2 Mind your own business, Mister Spock. I'm sick of your Yes. very well, Captain. 2 You look upset, Mister Spock. Is everything all right up here?  No problems here, sir. 2 Good. I'll beam up shortly with Doctor Korby and party. Security, Spock here. Status of your landing party?  Have them meet me in the transporter room after the Captain has2 I looked it over. I think you'll find planet2 Thank you. I felt quite at home on the Enterprise. Andrea, kiss me. (she does, then raises her What's the matter, Andrea? Confused?  Emotion, Ruk? You disapprove of Miss Chapel's orders to save my Why? Can't your memory banks solve a simple equation like that? Is it possible they built their machines too well, gave them And isn't it Korby who's creating the same danger to you all over And Korby? The danger to you is Korby.  The old ones programmed you, too, but it became possible to That's it, Ruk! Logic! You can't protect someone who's trying to You were a man with respect for all things Spock. He must've got my message. 2 No. 2 It is illogical. (she disintegrates him) She killed the android, Korby, the same way you killed Ruk. Is Then prove it. Give me that phaser gun. If there's any human left Andrea, give me the weapon.  Captain Kirk!  In here, Spock. Captain, are you all right? Nurse? Where's Doctor Korby? Doctor Korby was never here. She's staying with the ship. Something bothering you, Mister Frankly, I was rather dismayed by your use of the term I'll remember that Mister Spock, the next time I find myself in a Having trouble, gentlemen? You're beaming cargo down to a penal colony, Mister Berkeley. U.S.S. Enterprise to Tantalus colony. Request opening in your force field for beaming down of cargo. Energise. Any incoming cargo? Oh, Mister Berkeley, you might refamiliarise yourself with the I think you can take the time to lock this up first. I would like to have met Doctor Adams. Have A cage is a cage, Jim. You're behind the times, Bones. They're more like resort colonies Message, Captain. Switching to speaker. Enterprise acknowledging. Stand by. Security alert three. Security alert, condition three. All sections go to alert  Repeat, all sections to alert condition Captain, section C deck fourteen, reporting Security control, this is the Bridge. Come in. I have them, Captain. Closing off deck fourteen, search in  Security alert, condition three. Repeat, approach with extreme caution. Negative in the deck area, Captain. He may have gotten out. Enterprise to Tantalus colony. Doctor Adams? This is Captain Kirk. It appears we may have an Transporter crewman found unconscious, Captain. Cargo case open Make that definite, Doctor. He's aboard. We'll keep you posted, Doctor. Kirk out. Interesting. Your Earth people glorify organised violence for And, of course, your people found an answer. We disposed of emotion, Doctor. Where there is no emotion there I'm Captain Kirk. At gunpoint? No promises. Give me the weapon. Take him to Sickbay. Reverse course. Head back for Tantalus Abnormal, of course, but it's not Your report said he was quite talkative. But not very informative. He claimed one thing, then he seemed Not our problem, Bones. What did you say your name was? You see what I mean? Erased? Estimated arrival at Tantalus? Fifty seven minutes, thirty seconds, Captain. What's so fascinating? An identification tape from our ship's library on Doctor Simon Doctor Van Gelder? Doctor Van Gelder, Captain. No mistake. There's a full ID tape Committed to Tantalus colony when? Assigned there six months ago as Doctor Adams' associate. Ship to surface, Tantalus colony. Hailing frequency's open, sir. U.S.S. Enterprise to Tantalus colony. This is Captain Kirk. I'd like to speak to Doctor Adams. Doctor Adams, regarding your escaped man No casualties, sir. This man is Doctor Simon Van Gelder? No harm to him, sir. We thought you might enlighten us as to his Tragedy, Doctor. Jim, that doesn't quite ring true. Er, Doctor Adams, please stand by. Explain. I don't believe him. I can't explain it, but the more I study You don't believe him, and you can't explain it. Bones, are you Jim They're clean, decent hospitals for sick minds. Jim, listen! Gentlemen, I suggest you ask Doctor Adams if he wants Van Gelder Doctor Adams, regarding Van Gelder. Thank you, Doctor. I'll take it up with the ship's surgeon. Stand There are no superior facilities, he knows that. But that's not An assumption, Doctor. I'm required to enter any reasonable doubts into my medical log. Doctor Adams, this is rather embarrassing. By strict Affirmative, Doctor. I've visited rehab colonies before. Yes, sir. Mission, routine investigation and report as [on monitor] Van Gelder's still violently agitated, Captain. And you'd prefer to keep him here until I complete my I believe we should, Jim. [on monitor] Oh, I'm assigning your technical aide, Captain. One Thank you, Doctor. Bridge out. Mister Spock. Co-ordinates?  Yes, I remember. Yes, yes, I remember. Problem, Captain? Mister Spock, you tell McCoy that she had better check out as the In here, I presume, Doctor. This is another time, another place, and another situation. Elevator, and going down quite a ways. Doctor Helen Noel. It's a pleasure to finally meet you, sir. I believe regulations call for me to check my weapon. Doctor. Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.  Enterprise. Spock here. Your landing co-ordinates were right on the nose, Mister Spock.  Affirmative, Captain. Enterprise out.  Before you came here  May I ask what crime you committed? Quite a tour, Doctor. Very impressive. Doctor. Hmm? May I see it? Shall we leave it up to the doctor? One of the advantages of being a Captain, Doctor, is being able Neural neutraliser. Can you explain that, Doctor Van Gelder?  This room. What happens there? One question, Doctor. If it doesn't do any good  (to therapist) How does it work?  I didn't mean to suggest that he had. The reason I asked, sir, (to therapist) Thank you. (leaves)  Can you give us your present location,  In Doctor Adams' study, Mister Spock. Why?  Then you're with Doctor Adams now.  Affirmative. Captain, Van Gelder has made reference to a particular treatment Yes. He was injured there. I've seen the  the mistake Van Gelder made. Go ahead, Mister Spock. Anything further?  Thank you, Doctor Adams.  Stand by, Mister Spock. Doctor Adams has left with some things to Van Gelder is extremely agitated, Captain,  Please repeat, Captain. I didn't receive that. Tell McCoy the technical expert he sent along with me insists McCoy here. Received and understood.   But we still have some doubts up here, Not really.  When do you plan to beam back up, Captain? I think we'll spend the night here, Mister Spock. And you will continue to check in every four hours?  Affirmative.  Kirk out. Destroy how? What?   Enterprise log. First officer Spock, Spock, if there's the slightest possibility I've never used it on a human, Doctor.  If there's any way we can look into this man's mind to see if It's a hidden, personal thing to the Vulcan people, part of our Now look, Spock, Jim Kirk could be in real trouble. Will it work It could be dangerous. Do you understand? It requires I make This will not affect you, Doctor McCoy, only the person I touch. I understand. (Spock puts his hands on Gelder's face) Good, the You begin to feel a strange euphoria. Your body floats. Open your mind. We move together. Our minds sharing the same Good evening. What did you think of the inmates we saw here this afternoon? I didn't. But a bit blank. I'd like to see that treatment room again. You say you're And if he's lying, he'll continue to lie, and I won't find out a What is our name? Who are we? Doctor Adams. The neural neutraliser. What did he do to us? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Empty. Lonely. Empty. I have no desire to damage my brain. Can this And will you be able to determine if that beam is harming me in Mm-hmm. Anytime you're ready, Doctor, just for a second or two. Nothing happened.  Try a harmless suggestion. You know, when we finally get through this I'd like to locate and Remarkably effective for a device that Doctor Adams was going to Yes. Pick something unusual, an unusual suggestion, something we Merry Christmas. My crew is sworn to secrecy. You want me to manufacture a lie, wrap it up as a Christmas Helen. For years, I've loved you.  Helen! Helen, don't go! I need you, Helen!  I must drop it. Kirk to Enterprise. Argh! (machine to maximum) Kirk to Helen. Helen, for years I've loved you. Helen.  I've loved you. For years. Yes. Yes, I remember. I remember. Helen. Look. The duct. The Megavoltage. Touch the wrong line, and you're dead. I believe in you.  I trust you. I, argh, I don't know. I don't know. (collapses) Emergency channel D. Keep trying. (to McCoy) Get some security people and follow me down. (pushes a load of buttons) Enterprise, this is Spock. Force (helps her out of vent) Helen, are you all right? (kisses her)  Doctor Adams? Doctor A. The treatment room. Follow me. Jim! (Kirk turns machine off)  The power came on.  He's dead, Captain. But he was alone. Can you imagine the mind emptied by that thing? Oh, Captain, there was a message from It was from Van Gelder. He thought you'd like to know the Thank you. It's hard to believe that a man could die of loneliness. Not when you've sat in that room. Take us out of orbit, Mister Acknowledged, Captain. Warp factor one.   Earth-style distress signal. SOS.  Not a vessel, a ground source. The third planet in this solar We're hundreds of light years from Earth, Mister Spock. No Measuring the planet now, Captain. It's spheroid-shaped, Not the Earth, another Earth. Another Earth? Hold us in a fixed orbit, Mister Spock.  Affirmative, Captain.  Still no response, communications?  We'll beam down. Alert security. Prepare to transport landing Identical. Earth, as it was in the early More the, er, mid-1900s I would say, Captain, approximately Readings indicate that natural deterioration has been taking Not conclusive, Yeoman. The evidence would suggest that the Now, this is marvellous. the most horrible conglomeration of Mister Spock. (comes upon child's tricycle)  Of course somebody will fix it.  Definitely humanoid, in spite of the distortion.  But with the mind of a child. Bones, what is it?  A seizure of some type.  It's dead. It's incredible.  What is?  Its metabolic rate. It's impossibly high as if it's burning (sound of running) Come on! How old is this thing?  About three hundred years.  (sound in the closet) Come out. We mean you no harm. (opens door) I'm not going to hurt you.  I won't hurt you.  I only want to talk to you.  Come on.  I won't hurt you.  Come on. It's all right. Come on.  Take the guards, have a look outside. Radioactive readings, Right, Captain.  I wonder what happened to her, that she should be so terrified We didn't do anything like that.  Well, of course not. We're here to help.  What happened here? Where is everybody?  No, I don't. Won't you tell me?  Foolie?  What are Grups?  You said something about the Grups doing bad things, yelling, You're doing fine.  You said the Grups got sick. Is that why there aren't any of A plague, Captain. That could explain a lot of it.  But what about the children, the Onlies? Didn't the awful things More of you? How many?  What's your name?  Miri. A pretty name for a pretty young woman.  Very pretty. Guards! Cover me.  Children, Captain. Lots of them. We couldn't Miri said all the adults died.  That creature which attacked us was certainly no child. Perhaps There must be records somewhere and answers to some of our Will you take me there?  It's important. Please.  Yes. It's Jim.  Good. I like yours, too. I like you.  I wouldn't lie to you.  Why, thank you. (sees a mark on his hand)  A veritable zoo of bacteria. Beam down a Yes, Lieutenant? Under no circumstances do I want anyone to My orders still stand, Lieutenant. You can help us best by I don't know. Probably the little bugs or whatever they are have Being a red-blooded human obviously has its disadvantages. Now Spare me the analysis, Mister Spock, please. It is enough that (reading) Intermediate experimentation report project on life Progress report, genetics section, Life Prolongation Project.  Life prolongation. Didn't have much luck, did they? Tubular with extreme multiplicability. This was three hundred years ago, Captain.  All the adults are dead. Only the children are left alive.  But children become adults.  At least they have up to now.  Doctor, there are certain glandular changes which take place Of course. It changes the entire body system. You know that. Of Is it not possible that these children here, as they enter That would explain why there are no adults.  Glandular, post-pubescent. Could be.  It's illogical. It does not follow. All the adults on this Who die when they enter adolescence.  But how do they keep the line going?  Loneliness? I don't know, curiosity? I think children have an There may be other emotions at work in this case, Captain.  She likes you, Jim.  She's becoming a woman. Spock here.  Acknowledged, Lieutenant. I have their calculations now.  (to redshirts) Try again. See if you can find anything outside. Thank you.  According to their life prolongation plan, what they thought Exactly, Yeoman. Evidently through some miscalculation, this Could very well be immensely old.  That would certainly answer the question of what happened to Answers it very well.  I wouldn't examine that dream too closely, Yeoman. It might not A few days ago or a week ago that creature that attacked us I don't think so.  There's no adult interpretation. I think we're dealing with Difficult, if we can't even get a glimpse of them.  You couldn't get close to the other kids?  Impossible. They know the area too well, like mice.  I'm going to try. Miri? Come here. You want to go someplace with Is at least three hundred years older than you are, Yeoman. Dead. I don't understand it. My phaser wasn't set to kill.  Acknowledged.  We could use some more, if you don't mind.  There couldn't be any doubt about what you found here?  This fellow made these notes in the last weeks after the Only a matter of time before we all go mad, destroy each other, What about Miri?  Our guess was correct. They contract the disease as they enter What about us?  The older the victim, the more rapid the progress of the And you? The disease doesn't seem to be interested in you.  I am a carrier. Whatever happens, I can't go back to the ship, Of course, Mister Spock. We still don't know what we're fighting. No, but we know what it is and how fast it does it. It's Are You certain about the time we have left?  I presume my calculations are correct.  Is there any possibility  Spock here.  Verified, Captain. We have seven days. There's no data, no starting point.  I think I've found it.  Janice, take Miri for a walk.  Only one half intact.  But do you know what they were up to?  More or less. The idea was to create a new series of diseases, a Unfortunately, they weren't successful. We've seen the results.  You two will have to recreate their thinking. If you can isolate Is that all, Captain? We have five days, you know.  I know.  The children! (all dash out, while Jahn sneaks in and collects Anything?  No, nothing.  And you? (clunk as grate closes) Communicators, Captain, they're gone.  Jim, We've absolutely got to have those communicators. Without Haven't you found a thing yet?  Would you like to take a crack at it?  (holds her) We're all frightened. (Miri leaves)   Jim, I found something! The last slide I examined, I failed to make Never mind that, what did you find?  The disease, Captain, the one they created three hundred years A chance. At least it's a race now, and we've just wasted a It looks right.  The nitrogen cycle, it has to be.  But the question is, what's the dosage?  That is a very good question.  Where is she, Miri? Where is she, Miri? Where's Janice?  Where is she? Has something happened to her?  No, I don't feel all right! None of us feel all right! Can't you I've got to find Janice.  That's not all, Captain. We've got to find those communicators.  We're trying, Mister Spock. We're trying very hard.  That's not good enough! This could be it, but we can't test it We've got to have those communicators, Jim.  This is the vaccine?  That's what the computers will tell us.  Without them, it could be a beaker full of death.  Did you hear them? We only have a few hours left.  You've got to care. Miri, I'm going to tell you something. You, Not sometimes. All the times, Miri! As soon as you start growing All the time, Miri! It's happening to you right now! Look at it. Listen to me. Listen to me!  This isn't a game. It never was a game.  Listen to me! You've got our communicators, the boxes we talk No blah blah blah! Because if we don't talk to the ship, if you Now listen to me. You've got to help us before it's too late. Let You've seen your friends change one by one as they grew up. Did (bleeding) It's waiting for you. It may only be a matter of Look at my arms! That's what's going to happen to you unless you And the little ones. What's going to happen to them after you've All right, you want a foolie? All right. I dare you, I We can't wait for those communicators any We must. The vaccine could be fatal.  The disease certainly is. How long do we have left? Hours, Bickering is pointless. I'll check on the Captain's progress. Spock!  Not yet.  (with children and communicators) Three hours, eleven minutes He injected himself with the vaccine. He was unconscious when I Look at his face.  The blemishes are fading. They're fading. Who will understand Just children, three hundred years old and more. I've already And truant officers, I presume.  They'll be all right.  Yes. I never get involved with older women, Yeoman. Mister Spock? Captain?  Full ahead. Warp factor one.  Warp factor one, Captain.   Interesting. An Arcturian Macbeth.  You mean to tell me you've called me three You said you discovered a new food concentrate. What am I Kodos is dead.  Tom, the authorities closed the book on that case years ago.  Martha, you tell him.  Kodos is dead. I'm satisfied of that.  He's dead.  And I have to get back to my ship and figure out how I'm going to Library computer.  History files. Subject, former Governor Kodos of Tarsus Four, Working. Kodos the Executioner, summary. Governor of Tarsus Stop. Information on Anton Karidian.  Director and star of travelling company of actors sponsored Stop. Give comparative identification between actor Karidian and No identification records available on actor Anton Karidian.  Give information on actor Karidian prior to Kodos' death.  No information available, Anton Karidian, prior to twenty Photograph Kodos. (an image of a red-haired man with a beard Mister Spock. You know Doctor Leighton, don't you? Would you say A good empirical research scientist. Steady, reputable, With a very long memory.  I have no information on that, Captain. We are ready to leave We'll delay departure for a time. I'm beaming back down to the Where's Tom?  The others are on the patio.  Why not? I saw your performance today. May I extend my Captain James Kirk, Starship Enterprise.  I had hoped to meet your father, here, tonight, personally.  An actor turning away his admirers? Very unusual.  Then I'll talk to Lady Macbeth.  So, Lady Macbeth. Interesting. What's your next move?  She's a good ship. (takes a glass from a passing tray) Thank you. Very impressive. Lenore. I'd like to see you again.  Not necessarily.  You don't have a schedule now, do you?  So have I.  Exactly.  Good. I'll make our apologies to our hostess. I'll meet you Tired of walking?  About what?  And now?  It's Tom Leighton. He's dead.  I don't know. I'll try and find out.  Kirk to Enterprise.   Bridge here, Captain.  Put me through to Captain Jon Daily of the AstraI Queen on orbit  Captain Daily's on, sir.  Jon? Jim Kirk.  Can you do me a favour?  Don't make your pick-up here.  I'll pick them up. And if there's any trouble, it'll be my Just keep this between the two of us and accept my thanks. Over  Bridge here, Captain.  Transporter room, ready to beam up.  Ready to resume course, Captain.  I think we're due for a pick-up.  What kind? Personnel? Cargo?  Captain? A Miss Karidian has been transported aboard ship. She Tell her to come up to the Bridge, Lieutenant.   Escort Miss Karidian to the Bridge.  How did you know this lady was coming I'm the Captain.  You probably wouldn't believe me if I told you I arranged it.  Can't you make other arrangements?  It'd be a shame if that happened.  Well.  The regulations are very clear about taking on passengers.  What have you got to trade?  You make it sound very interesting. The crew has been on patrol You've got me backed into a corner. The men would never forgive Mister Spock, prepare to leave orbit as soon as the Karidian May I inquire as to our course, Captain?  Benecia Colony.  Benecia Colony is eight light years off our course.  If my memory needs refreshing, Mister Spock, I'll ask you for it. Mister Spock, ETA the Benecia Colony.  We'll arrive stardate 2825.3, Captain, approximately fifteen Library computer.  Data on question submitted to personnel files.  Data being received. Kodos file of all survivors. There are Stop. Give list.  Kirk, J., presently Enterprise Captain, Leighton, T., Stop. Is that star service Lieutenant Kevin Riley?  Affirmative. Riley, Kevin. Presently assigned U.S.S. Stop. Mister Spock.  Captain.  Lieutenant Kevin Riley in communications, I wish to have him He came up from engineering, Captain.  I'm sending him back.  Any explanation? He's a fine young officer. He's bound to I don't wish to discuss it, Mister Spock. Please follow my Mister Spock, the man on top walks a lonely Spare me your philosophical metaphors, Doctor. The Captain is Negative. Did you know this is the first time in a week I've had My father's race was spared the dubious benefits of alcohol.  Now I know why they were conquered. What are you so worried It was illogical for him to bring those players aboard.  Illogical? Did you get a look at that Juliet? That's a pretty It occurred. I dismissed it.  You would.  Did you know that he suddenly transferred Lieutenant Riley to Lots of things go on around here that I don't know, Mister No, thank you.  You're welcome. But I will. And please, Mister Spock, if you This is the observation deck. That's the flight deck down there Isn't it?  Anything.  If I had ordered soft lights, I'd also have arranged for music It's very old.  Come from a very human source.  You can count on it.  I'd rather talk about you. You must have wanted to perform since Tell me about it.  What would you like to know?  Worlds may change, galaxies disintegrate, but a woman always Library computer.  Full personal dossiers on the following names. Doctor Thomas Accomplished. Standing by.  Correlate. Check their past histories. Report any item, any past Affirmative.  I appreciate whatever concern you may have I will continue, Doctor. According to our library banks, it I've heard of it.  You may not have heard it all. Kodos began to separate the Unfortunately, he wasn't the first.  Perhaps not. But he was certainly among the most ruthless, to What has Karidian to do with it?  His history begins almost to the day where Kodos disappeared.  You think Jim suspects he's Kodos?  He'd better. There were nine eye witnesses who survived the It's unbelievable.  What can I do for you, Riley?  Well, you're not, and I'll prove it to you.   Where my heart is  I'll be back, though it takes forever   Tomorrow a stop along the way   Then let the years go fading  Where my heart is   Where my heart is  How'd you like that, Riley?  You've got to pull him through.  I'm not sure I can.  If he dies, the only one who'll be able to identify Kodos is the As of this date, lab report indicates Someone tried to poison him.  Tetralubisol us a milky substance. Someone could have gotten I don't believe that and neither do you. I want the Captain to When I've finished logging it.  Now.  Come.  My report on Lieutenant Riley.  Will he make it?  He's got a good chance.  Can we predict the same for you, Captain?  All right, Mister Spock. Let's have it.  Lieutenant Riley was a witness. So were you.  All right.  Someone tried to kill him.  Could have been an accident.  You should be told the difference between empiricism and Aren't you getting a little out of line, Mister Spock? My Is my personal business when it might interfere with the smooth You think that happened?  It could happen.  I don't like anyone meddling in my private affairs. Not even my Jim, Spock's simply trying,  I know what he's doing, and I don't like it.  It's his job, and you know it.  And you also know that nothing is proven.  Even in this corner of the galaxy, Captain, two plus two equals I'm not. I'm interested in justice.  Are you? Are you sure it's not vengeance?  No, I'm not sure. I wish I was. I've done things I've never done He is.  You sound certain. I wish I could be. Before I accuse a man of What if you decide he is Kodos? What then? Do you play God, No, but they may rest easier.  Logic, Captain. Doctor Leighton was murdered while the Karidian Doc isn't sure it was a murder attempt. Besides, I have an idea Shh. Listen. Do you hear it? That low hum.  A phaser.  On overload. (starts searching)  This is the Captain. There's a phaser on overload in my quarters. You can't stay.  Go on. Block off this section. Hurry. I'll find it.  Evacuate this section. Seal it off. Clear (barging in without knocking) We're overdue A moment ago, we narrowly averted an explosion which would have I'm sure you are. Are you Kodos? I asked you a question.  I do.  You're an actor now. What were you twenty years ago?  So was I. But I remember. Let's see if you do. Read this into I remember the words. I wrote them down. You said them like you Are you sure? Are you sure you didn't act this role out in front We've armed man with tools. The striving for greatness continues. Or is.  All I understand is that four thousand people were needlessly But he didn't. And history has made its judgment.  Those beautiful words, well acted, change nothing.  There are no previous records to Anton Karidian prior to twenty If I had gotten everything I wanted, you might not walk out of In the beginning perhaps. But later, I wanted it to be more than If he is Kodos, then I've shown him more mercy than he deserves. Who do I have to be?  Medical log. Lieutenant Riley's sufficiently recovered to be I believe we have a match, Captain.  But not an exact match, Mister Spock. We're dealing with a man's In the long history of medicine, no doctor Riley? Captain Kirk, McCoy here.   Yes, Doctor.  Riley's gone. I was recording my log about Karidian and Kodos. You've made your point, Doctor.  This is the Captain. Security two alert. Find and restrain Riley, get back to the Sickbay.  You could be wrong. Don't throw away your life on a mistake.  It's an order. Give me the weapon.  Now get back to Sickbay. Go on.  Bright as a blade. Come with me, both of you.  The play is over. It's been over for twenty years.  By killing seven innocent men.  Guard. You'll never get off the ship. Medical report. (hands it over) She'll Ready to leave Benecia orbit, Captain.  Stand by, Mister Leslie. All channels cleared, Uhura? All channels clear, sir. Whenever you're ready, Mister Leslie. You're not going to answer my question, are you? Ahead warp factor one, Mister Leslie. That's an answer.    Captain to shuttlecraft Galileo. Stand by, No problem, Commissioner. And may I remind you that I have No problem. Captain to Galileo. All systems cleared for take off. Power up. All instruments activated. All readings normal. All Launch shuttlecraft.  Position?  Make up your mind please, Mister Latimer.  Considerably, Mister Boma.  Stop forward momentum, Mister Latimer.  Galileo to Enterprise. Galileo to Enterprise. Come in, please.  We're being drawn right into it.  Galileo to Enterprise. Galileo to Enterprise. We are out of Anything at all?  Nothing clear, Captain. Just a few words about being pulled off Try and get me a fix on the Galileo.  Scanners are blank, Captain. We're getting a mass of readings Negative ionic concentration one point six four times ten to That thing out there has ionized this complete sector. None of I'm aware of that, Commissioner. At the same time I have certain We have two days to find them.  What would you have me do, turn around and leave them there?  Captain, there's one planet in this solar system capable of Thank you, Lieutenant. Mister Sulu.  Yes, sir.  Set course for Taurus Two.  Aye, aye, sir.  You all right?  Scotty? Boma?  Yeoman?  (helping her back into her seat) Upsy-daisy.  What happened?  I'd say your evaluation is reasonable, Mister Boma.  What a mess.  Picturesque descriptions will not mend broken circuits, Mister You don't really expect to get an answer, do you?  I expect nothing, Mister Scott. It is merely logical to try all Partial pressure of oxygen, seventy millimetres of mercury. Just the facts, Doctor.  Traces of argon, neon, krypton, all in acceptable quantities. Thank you for your opinion. It will be duly noted. You're Mister Scott, if you'll make a survey of the damage, please.  Logical.  Gentlemen, I think we should move outside, make room for Mister What do you think our chances are of contacting the Enterprise?  Under present conditions, extremely poor.  But they'll be looking for us.  If the ionisation effect is as widespread as I believe it is, Then you don't think they'll find us.  Not as long as we're grounded. We may be here for a very long Nothing, Captain.  Mister Sulu.  Yes, Captain?  Anything on your scanners?  Totally inoperative, sir. No readings at all.  Have you tried tying in to the auxiliary power?  Yes, sir. No change.  Transport room, this is the captain speaking. Are the Thank you. This is the captain speaking. Flight deck, prepare All wavelengths dominated by ionisation effects, sir. We have until 2823.8 to continue the search, Commissioner.  Look, these people are my friends and my shipmates. I intend to I'm familiar with the regulations, Commissioner. I know all about Well, I can't say much for the circumstances, but at least it's My big chance? For what, Doctor?  Command. Oh, I know you, Mister Spock. You've never voiced it, I am a logical man, Doctor.  It'll take more than logic to get us out of this.  Perhaps, Doctor, but I know of no better way to begin. I realise Very bad, Mister Spock.  In what way?  We've lost a great deal of fuel. We have no chance at all to The weight of three grown men.  Aye, you could put it that way.  Or the equivalent weight in equipment.  Doctor McCoy, with very few exceptions we use virtually every Unless the situation changes radically, yes.  As commanding officer, the choice will be mine.  A very quaint idea, Mister Boma, but I do believe I'm better My choice will be a logical one, arrived at through logical Mister Spock, life and death are seldom logical.  But attaining a desired goal always is, Doctor. Now gentlemen, I Not his head, Mister Boma, his heart. His heart.  Come on, Boma.  What was it?  (returns from investigating) Nothing there.  I don't doubt your word.  (pulling the bloody spear from Latimer's body and examining it) There's a remarkable resemblance to the Folsom Point discovered Am I in error, Mister Boma?  Then what, Mister Boma?  My concern for the dead will not bring him back to life, Mister Bringing him back to the ship should not interfere with our Captain, the Columbus has returned from Have them proceed to the next quadrant. Any word from engineering They're working on them, sir. Still inoperable.  What about the transporters?  They're still reported unsafe.  Thank you, Lieutenant.  Yes, Commissioner?  I haven't forgotten, Commissioner.  I haven't forgotten that, Commissioner. This is the captain. Try Uhura, order the Columbus to open its course two degrees on every But Captain, two degrees means they'll be overlooking more than a It also means we have a fighting chance to cover the majority of Yes, sir.  Perhaps if you were to channel the second It's too delicate. It may not be able to take the pressure as it (coming in from rear compartment) This should save us at least Excellent, Doctor.  Which would still leave us at least one hundred and fifty pounds I can't believe you're serious about leaving someone behind. Now It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six, Doctor.  I'm not talking about rationality.  You might be wise to start.  For what?  Mister Boma, we're working against time.  Doctor, perhaps you know the correct words for such an occasion. Mister Spock, that's your place.  My place is here. If you please, Doctor.  Now look. We may all die here. At least let us die like men, not By dealing with first things first, I hope to increase our If you'll give me a hand with this conduit.  Pressure's dropping. We're losing everything.  What happened?  One of the lines gave. The strain of coming through the That would seem to solve the problem of who to leave behind. We have no fuel! What alternatives?  Mister Scott, there are always alternatives.  Mister Spock! Something's happening outside.  What do those supersensitive ears make of that, Mister Spock?  Wood rubbing on some kind of leather.  Not a tribal culture. Their artefacts are too primitive. More How, Mister Boma?  I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for Mister Boma?  Doctor McCoy?  Seems logical to me.  It does, indeed. It seems logical to me, also. But to take life I am not interested in the opinion of the majority, Mister I think not. Doctor McCoy.  Yes.  You and Yeoman Mears return to the ship. Assist Mister Scott in Right.  Gentlemen, you'll follow my orders to the letter, firing only We'll fire to frighten, Mister Gaetano, not to kill.  I am in command, Mister Gaetano. The orders and the I hear them. They're directly ahead of us. Several, I believe. Yes, I know. But fortunately, I'm giving the orders. Take aim Fire. (several seconds of sustained phaser beam) Cease fire. It was not necessary. Fear will do for us what needs to be done. Yes, we found them. They won't bother us again.  I hope not. Scotty has an idea.  It's dangerous, but it might work.  Go, Mister Scott.  I can adjust the main reactor to function with a substitute fuel That's all very well, but we don't have a substitute supply.  Aye, we do. Our phasers. I can adapt them and use their energy. Trouble is, they happen to be our only defence.  They would also seem to be our only hope.  Aye.  (after brief thought) Yeoman, your phaser.  They won't attack for at least several hours. By then, with If I can get a full load, we should be able to achieve orbit We don't have to maintain it very long, Mister Scott. In less Aye, aye, sir.  Good. This is the captain. Landing parties one, two, and three, I'm depending on luck, Lieutenant. It's almost the only tool we Take this back to Mister Scott for conversion, please Doctor.  (handing over his own phaser) And give this to Mister Scott in Just where are you going?  I have a certain scientific curiosity about what's become of I don't know. He'll risk his neck locating Gaetano and if he Well, it won't unless we get these phasers back.  Well, Mister Spock, they didn't stay frightened very long, did Most illogical reaction. We demonstrated our superior weapons. You mean they should have respected us?  Of course.  Mister Spock, respect is a rational process. Did it ever occur Doctor, I am not responsible for their unpredictability.  They were perfectly predictable to anyone with feeling. You They're studying us, for the moment.  My opinion, Mister Boma.  Seal the windows!  Studying us, Mister Spock? They seem to learn rather quickly.  Mister Boma, your tone is increasingly hostile.  Curious. Most illogical.  Strange. Step by step, I have made the correct and logical And you've brought our furry friends down on us.  I do seem to have miscalculated regarding them, and inculcated A little less analysis and more action. That's what we need, How much longer, Mister Scott?  Another hour, maybe two.  That won't be long enough.  Doctor, a phaser can only drain so fast.  You've got your hands full.  What word from the sensor section?  At last report they were getting some readings  I'm not interested in the last report. I want to know now.  Yes, sir.  I'm perfectly aware of how much time I have left.  You do that.  Sir, sensor section reporting. Static interference still What about radio communication?  Clearing slowly. Still incapable of transmission or reception.  Do? I intend to continue the search. Foot by foot, inch by inch, I'm in command here, Mister Ferris.  Mister Scott, how much power do we have left They're in good shape, but they won't lift us off, if that's Will they electrify the exterior of this ship?  That they will, Mister Spock!  Get to the centre of the ship. Don't touch the plates. Be sure Ready, Mister Spock.  All right. Go. (Scott uses a spanner or something to short out I daren't use any more. Not and be sure of ignition.  I believe we've used enough. Mister Scott. I suggest you Aye.  It must've worked.  For the moment.  The moment they discover they're not seriously hurt, they'll be It will of course have to be left behind.  I wouldn't recommend it. The creatures won't be far away.  It would expose members of this crew to unnecessary peril.  Mister Boma.  That's enough!  Gentlemen. All right, Mister Boma, you'll have your burial, Captain Kirk, landing party number two has (going to Spock's station) Put Lieutenant Kelowitz on visual.  Report.  There are casualties?  Thank you, Lieutenant. You'd better report to Sickbay yourself.  But they're still out there.  The Columbus hasn't returned yet. I still have two search parties Lieutenant.  Yes, sir.  Order the transporter room to immediately beam up the two search I'm in partial contact with them now, sir.  Then have them return immediately. Mister Sulu, prepare to Captain, the sensor section says the beams What about the other systems?  No, sir. Too much interference.  Captain, course set for Makus Three.  Stand ready, Mister Sulu. How long before the Columbus comes on Twenty three minutes, sir.  Twenty three minutes.  That's it.  How about weight?  If we shed every ounce, we might be able to achieve orbit.  And how long can we hold it?  A few hours, no longer. But if we time it right, we can cut out To land here again? Not a very attractive possibility.  We have very few alternatives, Mister Spock.  Doctor McCoy. Mister Boma. When can we lift off, Scott?  Maybe eight minutes if the weight's right.  Gentlemen, The ship will lift off in exactly ten minutes. You The Columbus is aboard, sir. The flight Mister Sulu, proceed on course for Makus Three, at space normal Space normal, sir?  Those are my orders. Lieutenant Uhura, order all sensor sections Yes, sir.  Get into the ship! Immediate lift off!  No! Go back! Lift off! Go back! No!  All right, All right! Go! Go! Go! Go!  Go, Scott!  Aye, aye, sir.  I told you to lift off!  Don't be a fool, Mister Spock. We couldn't leave you out there.  Get us off, Scott!  We should be moving, but we're not.  Quite right, Mister Scott. There's somebody holding us down. All What are you doing?  Our boosters.  We'll never be able to hold orbit.  Would you rather stay here?  No, Mister Spock.  We got off!  May I remind you we have yet to achieve orbit, nor can we Gentlemen, by coming after me, you may well have destroyed what Mister Spock, remind me to tell you that I'm sick and tired of That is a most illogical attitude. Orbit in one minute, Mister Fifteen pounds psi. Approximately enough for one orbit, sir.  After that?  Tapping our boosters ended our last chance for a soft landing.  It is the usual end of a decaying orbit.  Infinitely preferable to the kind of death we'd be granted on Mister Spock, you said a while ago that there were always Did l? I may have been mistaken.  Well, at least I lived long enough to hear that. Is there The Enterprise is surely on course for Makus Three by now. I for Well, Mister Spock, so ends your first command.  Yes. My first command.  Orbit attitude, Mister Spock. With our present fuel, that gives Galileo to Enterprise. Galileo to Enterprise, come in, please. Mister Spock!  He jettisoned the fuel and ignited it.  Perhaps, Mister Boma.  How long have we got now, Scotty?  The orbit'll start decaying as soon as the fuel's exhausted. Say Captain, there's something there on screen, at Taurus Two.  Sensors, a meteorite?  No. It's holding a lateral line. There it is again. Holding A hundred and eighty degrees about, Mister Sulu. Lieutenant A distress signal? It's like sending up a No one out there to see it.  Orbit decaying, Mister Spock. Ten seconds to atmosphere.  It may be the last action you'll ever take, Mister Spock, but it Totally illogical. There was no chance.  That's exactly what I mean.  Transporters locked in, sir.  Activate beams.  Whatever it was, Captain, it just burned up in the atmosphere.  Captain, transporter room just beamed up five persons. Alive and Mister Sulu, proceed on course to Makus Three. Ahead warp factor Aye, aye, sir. Warp factor one.  Mister Spock.  Captain.  There's really something I don't understand about all of this. Quite correct, Captain.  Now we all know, and I'm sure the doctor will agree with me, that Quite simply, Captain. I examined the problem from all angles, I see. You mean you reasoned that it was time for an emotional Well, I wouldn't put it in exactly those terms, Captain, but You're not going to admit that for the first time in your life, No, sir.  Mister Spock, you're a stubborn man.  Yes, sir. ST Maintenance Section Eighteen. The section is working on the No. But the death of the crewman. ST Regulations, Captain. And the extract from your ship's computer Kirk to Enterprise.   Bridge here. Go ahead, Captain.  Where's Mister Spock with that computer log extract?  He should have been there ten minutes ago,ST It's a great pity. The service can't afford to lose men like I agree. I waited until the last possible moment. We were on Red What took you so long, Mister Spock?  Captain, I believe I ST I'll take that.  Jamie.  That's not so. He was my friend. ST Mister Spock, would you please?  Miss Finney, come with me, please. ST Captain Kirk, you say you jettisoned the pod after the RedST Then, Captain, I must presume you've committed willful perjury. Timothy, I haven't seen you since the Vulcanian expedition. (no Couple of days.  In a hurry to see me go?  You can talk plainer than that.  Come on, Jim. Let's go.  Go on. Finish. Ben was a friend of yours, and  Jim.  Go on. I'm waiting to hear the rest.  What would be the point? You've already made up your minds. If you have any doubt, that was indeed Captain James Kirk of the In these trying times, one of the few. Doctor Leonard McCoy. And All of my old friends look like doctors. All of his look like Recording inquiry. Matter. Captain Kirk,ST This inquiry, to determine whether a general court-martial Ready. ST Let us begin with your relationship with Commander Finney. You Yes. He was an instructor at the Academy when I was a midshipman,ST It's common knowledge that something happened to your It's no secret. We were assigned to the same ship some years Ship nomenclature. Specify.  United Starship Republic, number 1371.  I closed the switch and logged the incident. He drew a reprimandST And he blamed you for that?  Yes. He had been at the Academy for an unusually long time as anST Comment. Service record of Lieutenant Commander Finney to be Noted. ST Now let's get into the specifics of the storm, Captain.  Weather scan indicated an ion storm dead ahead. I sent FinneyST Why Finney?  His name was at the top of the duty roster. ST If he blamed you  He may have blamed me that he never rose to command a ship, but IST Then why, Captain, does the computer log from your ship, made I don't know. There's been a mistake. ST It would seem so. Could the computer be wrong?  Mister Spock is running a survey right now, but the odds are nextST Stop recording. Now, look, Jim. Not one man in a million could Is that the way you see it? ST That's the way my report'll read if you co-operate.  A physical breakdown. Possibly even mental collapse. ST Possibly.  I'd be admitting a man died because ST Admit nothing. Say nothing. Let me bury the matter here and now. But if what you suspect is true, then I'm guilty. I should beST I'm thinking of the service. I won't have it smeared.  By what, Commodore Stone? ST All right. By an evident perjurer who's either covering his bad That's as far as you go, sir. I'm telling you I was there on theST It's in the transcript, and computer transcripts don't lie. I'm So that's the way we do it now? Sweep it under the rug, and meST Then you draw a general court.  Draw it? I demand it. And right now, Commodore Stone. Right now. Areel. Doctor McCoy said you were here. I should have felt it in It's been, how long has it been?  You look marvellous. You haven't changed a bit.  Oh, you've heard about that, have you?  I remember. Let's forget it. We have a lot of lost time to make The confidence of an innocent man.  Look, Let's not talk shop.  I never could talk you into anything. All right. Fire away.  What other choice is there?  You, perhaps?  Well, a girl with your ability should be able to handle two cases You still haven't made any recommendation.  Areel, you still haven't told me how you know so much about what Yes. (Notices the piles of books everywhere) What is all this?  I hope I'm not crowding you.  Oh, I like them fine, but a computer takes less space.  And what would be the point?  You have to be either an obsessive crackpot who's escaped from I'm afraid so.ST This court is now in session. I have appointed as members of I have no objections, sir. ST Do you consent to the service Lieutenant Shaw as prosecuting I do, sir. ST All right, clerk.  Charge, culpable negligence. Specification in that on Not guilty. ST Proceed, Lieutenant.  Spock, serial number S179-276SP. Service rank, Lieutenant I know all about them.  Affirmative.  Negative.  Affirmative.  But the computer is inaccurate, never the less.  It reports that the jettison button was pressed before the Red And that is impossible.  No, I was occupied. The ship was already on Yellow Alert.  I do not dispute it. I merely state that it is wrong.  I know the Captain. He is in  Lieutenant, I am half Vulcanian. Vulcanians do not speculate. I Gentlemen, human beings have characteristics just as inanimate Yes. In my opinion. ST You may step down.  Service rank, Ensign. Position, personnel officer. CurrentST You may step down.  Service rank, Lieutenant Commander. Position, Ship's Surgeon. I know something about it.  It's possible.  He could have.  No.  Wait a minute. I don't quite follow you.  Well, yes, I suppose it could happen.  Not Captain Kirk.  But he's not that kind of a man.  Yes. It's possible. ST You may step down. Mister Cogley. You've listened to testimony James T. Kirk, serial number SC937-0176CEC. Service rank,ST Court recognises counsel for the prosecution. ST Mister Cogley? ST Continue.  Awards of valour, Medal of Honour, Silver Palm with Cluster, Firstly, I am at a loss to explain the errors in the extract from Given the same circumstances I would do the same thing without Meteorology reports ion storm upcoming, Captain.  We'll need somebody in the pod for readings.  Mister Finney is top of duty roster, Captain.  Post him.  Attention, Commander Finney, report to pod for reading on ion Officer posted, Captain.  Stand by on alert status, Mister Spock.  Acknowledged.  Warp factor one, Mister Hanson.  Call from the pod, sir.  Tie in.  Make it fast, Ben. I may have to go to Red Alert.  Hold our course, Mister Hanson.  Engineering, then ion pod.  Aye, aye, sir.  One third more thrust.  Stand by to get out of there, Ben.  Steady as she goes, Mister Hanson.  But that's not the way it happened. Are you suggesting that I did?  Two days ago, I would've staked anything on my judgment.  I spent my whole life training for decisions just like that one. Kirk here.  Captain. I've run a complete megalyte survey on the I'll tell you what you found. Nothing, right? You sound bitter, Captain.  Not bitter enough to forget to thank you for Further instructions?  No. It's not all bad, Mister Spock. Who Chess. Jamie. This is Lieutenant Commander Finney's daughter.  It's too late for that, Jamie, but I'm glad you don't blame me Don't say any more.  I know, and I thank you. I have to go and change. You ready?  Bishop, half level right.  Well, I had to see it to believe it.  Explain.  They're about to lop off the captain's professional head, and That is true.  Mister Spock, you're the most cold-blooded man I've ever known.  Why, thank you, Doctor. I've just won my fourth game.  That's impossible.  Observe for yourself. Rook to king's pawn four.  Bishop, half level right.  Now, this is the computer's move. And now mine. (takes the So you tested the programme bank.  Exactly. I programmed it myself for chess some months ago. The Well, why are you just sitting there?  Transporter room, stand by. We're beaming down.ST Court is now in session. The board willST Counsel for the defence? ST Mister Cogley. Mister Cogley! ST Of what nature is this evidence? ST Counsels will kindly direct their remarks to the bench.  Five in all.  Affirmative.  I personally programmed the computer for chess months ago. IST Sustained.  Affirmative.  The Captain, myself, and the records officer.  Affirmative. Until he was lost, our records officer was I instituted a phase one search.  It's a painstaking, thorough attempt in and around the ship to I beg your pardon?  Yes.  Possibly. ST Mister Cogley, we are waiting for proof of Gentlemen, for the purposes of this experiment, it'll beST This court is by no means adjourned, Mister Cogley. ST Very well. ST Captain, are you maintaining an engine crew aboard?  Our impulse engines have been shut down. We'll maintain orbit by We hope to be finished long before that.  Ready, Mister Spock?  Affirmative, Captain.  Gentlemen, this computer has an auditory sensor. It can, in Doctor McCoy? All right, Mister Spock.  Turn it down a little. Gentlemen, that sound is caused by the First, the Captain. Mister Spock.  And lastly, myself.  That's all of us, except for crewman in the transporter room.ST Finney.  Localise that.  B deck, in or near Engineering.  Seal off B deck, sections 18Y through 23D. ST So Finney is alive.  It would seem so. Commodore, this is my problem. I'd appreciate  Sam Cogley had gone a shore to bring Jamie Finney on board. Ben.   Ben Finney.  Compensate. ST The orbit is beginning to decay.  Ben, where are you?  I'm glad you're alive.  Ben! Ben, it's not too late. We can help you.  Put the phaser down, Ben.  What about my ship?  Mister Spock, what's our orbit status?  Decaying, Captain.  Ben. Why kill innocent people?  I logged the mistake, Ben. Blame me, not them.  Gentlemen, if you'll please hurry to the transporter room ST Mister Spock, the court has not yet reached a verdict. We will Very well, sir.   It's not too late. You can be helped. But if Is Jamie included in that deal?  She's on board by now. Yes. She's on board.   Beaten and sobbing, Finney told me where he had sabotaged  The damage he'd caused was considerable, Activate port impulse engines. One third power.  Variants fading.  All secure, sir. ST Unless the prosecution has an objection, I rule this court to be At the risk of sounding like a mystic, that depends on the stars. I didn't have much of a chance to thank him.  I wouldn't be a bit surprised.  Let's try. (a gentle but lingering kiss) See? No change. Goodbye, Areel. Better luck next time.  She's a very good lawyer.  Obviously.  Indeed she is.   We received a subspace message asking us to divert here Mister Spock received a starbase transmission, a message from the If my first officer states he received a transmission from  Why? When he was promoted to Fleet Captain. I took over the Enterprise from him. Spock served with him for Eleven years, four months, five days. What's his problem, Commodore? The delta rays? Chris, if there's anything I can do for you. (flash, flash) Captain Pike, may I remain for a moment? (flash, the others Once more, Jose. Spock stated he received a Then I suggest the record tapes have been deliberately changed. A If he had wanted to see Captain Pike he could have requested a Who would want to divert us here? There's no trouble in the space Helen described  Miss Piper, a Vulcan can no sooner be disloyal than he can exist There's no way he could even have asked for that message to be Starbase Operation, Mister Hansen.  Enterprise to Starbase. Request confirmation. I have security clearance, Chief.  Repeat, Enterprise to Starbase. Orders received. We need Come in, Starbase. Come in, Captain Kirk.  This is Captain Kirk. You have confirmation, Miss Uhura.  (another chip) Mister Spock is with me here. He'll answer This is Mister Spock.   The ship's computers will handle the You will not discuss this with ship's crew Stand by. We'll warp out of orbit in one (watching Pike on monitor) He keeps blinking They've tried questioning him. He's almost agitated himself into How long will he live? As long as any of us. Blast medicine anyway. We've learned to He keeps blinking no. No to what? They could question him for days, weeks, before they Bones, could this have anything to do with Spock? I don't read you at all, Jim. What I mean is either a message was received. It was one of two Jim, forgetting how well we both know Spock, the simple fact He's also half human. And that half is completely submerged. To be caught acting like Someone's interfering with my command and my ship. I don't know He would not make a false entry.  There's a false entry in the log right now which doesn't jibe I can't, but to question Spock of all people? Me, yes. I could McCoy here. Well, what is it? Sickness? Injury? How bad is it? Probably somebody discovered a hangnail. I'll beam up and let (reading) For eyes of Starfleet Command only. What every ship Captain knows. General Order 7, no vessel under The Enterprise, commanded by Captain Christopher Pike. The Enterprise knows where she's going, Mister Hansen. Someone's trying to hail us, sir. Maintain radio silence, Lieutenant. This is First Officer Spock. What's going on around here? Who said Jim needed a medical rest And no one from the ship made such a call. That's right.  Doctor, I regret they elected to keep certain things from you. What is this, Spock? Captain, are you all Doctor, one moment, please.  Kirk to Doctor McCoy. I'm recording you this message, Bones, Take no action, Mister Hansen. You have your orders, Mister Hansen. We'll make no contact. Spock is headed for Talos Four, all right. Shuttlecraft to Enterprise, come in. Shuttlecraft to Enterprise, Library computer. Lock on to sensors. Measure object now following the Enterprise. Computed. Object is a Class F shuttlecraft. Duranium metal Stop. How long before shuttlecraft's fuel supply forces return Computed. Shuttlecraft is already past point of safe return. Blast you any way. You had no right to come along. Two hours of oxygen left. Part of me is hoping the Enterprise won't come back for us. We Spock would have some logical reason for going there. I keep wondering who might be after us in a Computer control. Lock on to shuttlecraft following us. Locked on. Tractor beam ready. Go to tape Abel Seven Baker. Execute instructions. Is it the captain, Mister Spock? This is the First Officer speaking. Security, send an armed team First Officer out. Doctor, as senior officer present, I present You what? The charge is mutiny, Doctor. I never received orders to take Doctor. Mister Spock is, er, under arrest. Is confinement to quarters Adequate, Doctor. I'll make no trouble. Well, confine him.  Store our shuttlecraft on the hangar All right, Captain. Locked on to you. Accepting command. Where's Mister Spock?  Captain from Bridge. The engines are coming on. Reverse power. Hold this position. Tell whoever gave those orders Disengage computer control, Uhura.  We can't disengage, Captain. The helm does not respond. Computer control, come in. Computer. Disengage from helm. Unable to comply. [on monitor] This is the Captain. On voice Unable to comply. Any such attempt will cross-circuit This hearing is convened. Mister Spock, Sir, I waive counsel. Further, I waive rights to this hearing Request denied. May I inquire on what grounds, Captain? A mutiny requires a trial board of no less than three command Sir, I must point out that there are three officers of command Denied. Captain Pike is a complete invalid. I believe you'll find he's still on the active duty list. I am. Are your comments a part of the record, sir? Thank you. Request monitor screen be engaged. To comply with the request you just made, sir, that I explain By asking why, you've opened the door to any evidence he may wish This is thirteen years ago. The Enterprise and its commander, [on screen] Definitely something out there, Captain, headed this Screen off. Chris, was that really you on the screen? (flash) I cannot tell you at this time, sir. Unless the court asks a prisoner why, Commodore. You did ask I am forced to contest that, Commodore. I want to see more. That has nothing to do with it. Screen on, Mister Scott.NUMBER  [on screen] No. It's something else. There's still As I stated, gentlemen, this was thirteen years ago. We were on [on screen] It's coming at the speed of light. Collision course. The meteorite beam has not deflected it,NUMBER  Evasive manoeuvres, sir? They were keyed to cause interference and attract attention this I have a fix. It comes from the Talos star group.NUMBER  We've no ships or Earth colonies that far out. Their call letters check with a survey expedition. S.S. Columbia It would take that long for a radio beam to travel from there to Records show the Talos group has never been explored. SolarNUMBER  Then they could still be alive, even after eighteen years. If they survived the crash. We aren't going to go, to be certain? Not without any indication of survivors, no. Continue to the VegaNUMBER  Yes, sir.  Boyce here. Drop by my cabin, Doctor. (Boyce enters with bag) What's that? I I understand we picked up a distress signal. That's right. Unless we get anything more positive on it, it Oh, I concur with yours, definitely. Good. I'm glad you do, because we're going to stop first at the Who wants a warm martini? What makes you think I need one? Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell Shouldn't it be? My only yeoman and two others dead, seven Was there anything you personally could have done to prevent it? Oh, I should have smelled trouble when I saw the swords and the Chris, you set standards for yourself no one could meet. You You bet I'm tired. You bet. I'm tired of being responsible for To the point of finally taking my advice, a rest leave? To the point of considering resigning. And do what? Well, for one thing, go home. Nice little town with fifty miles Ah, that sounds exciting. Ride out with a picnic lunch every day. I said that's one place I might go. I might go into business on You, an Orion trader, dealing in green animal women, slaves? The point is this isn't the only life available. There's a whole Not for you. A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets Now you're beginning to talk like a doctor, bartender. Take your choice. We both get the same two kinds of customers. [on monitor] Mister Spock here. We're intercepting a follow-up Address intercraft. System open. This is the captain. Our destination is the Talos star group. [on screen] Our time warp, factor seven. [on screen] Course computed and on the screen.NUMBER  [on screen] All decks have acknowledged, sir. [on screen] Engage. Captain, please tell the court this is not imagination, nor some We still haven't heard the full story. I vote to continue. Not a deadlock. There's still one member of the trial board to be Yes. We've settled into orbit, sir. Preliminary lab survey ready, sir. Spectography? Gravity? Captain? Reflections, sir, from the planet's surface. As I read Prep a landing party of six. You feel up to it? Yes, sir. Yes, sir.  Sorry, Number One. With little information on this planet, we'llNUMBER  Of course, sir. There's no indication of problems down there, Right. Captain Christopher Pike, United Space Ship Enterprise. The same old Earth, and you'll see it very soon. And you won't believe how fast you can get back. Well the time (as the survivors pack up the settlement) Enterprise.NUMBER   Landing party, come in. We'll begin transporting the survivors and their effects up toNUMBER   Quarters are being prepared, sir. Have I permission to Yes, affirmative on theNUMBER   I didn't get that last message, Captain. Er, affirmative on request. Landing party out. If they can, er, spare you a moment, I'd like to make my medical Their health is excellent, almost too good. I, I don't understand. Captain! (everyone rushes over in time to see the door closing [on screen] Spock here.NUMBER   Landing party, come in. [on screen] There is no survivors' encampment, Number One. This What is it?  It's for Commodore Mendez. Plead signal for you, sir. Go ahead, Uhura.  Commodore Mendez, urgent. Subspace monitors show Enterprise Receiving transmissions from Talos Four? Then the images we've Are coming from Talos Four, sir.  Captain Kirk is here by relieved. You are ordered to assume The Commodore must be aware that Captain Kirk knew nothing of Sir, I respectfully decline. Do you know what you're doing? Have you lost your mind? Captain, Jim, please don't stop me. Don't let him stop me. It's Lock him up. Anything from the landing party?  They should be sending up a report momentarily, Captain. (Kirk A kink in my back. (behind his back the Yeoman starts to massage Thank you, Yeoman. That's sufficient. I have enough of that from Doctor McCoy, Yeoman. Thank you. Doctor McCoy is correct, Captain. After what this ship has been Have Doctor McCoy's report channeled to my quarters, Lieutenant. Aye, aye, Captain. Beautiful, beautiful. No animals, no people, I couldn't have prescribed better. We are one weary ship. Do you think the Captain will authorise shore leave here? Depending upon my report and that of the other scouting parties. He'd like it. He needs it. You've got your problems, I've got mine. He's got To get some cell-structure records. A blade of grass, a bush, a Sulu! What is it? What's the matter? Did you see them? See what? I don't see anything. What is it, Doc?  Captain's log. Stardate 3025 er, point 3. We are orbiting an I may be tired, Yeoman, but I'm not falling apart. Dismissed. Mister Spock, we're beaming down the starboard section first. Not necessary in my case, Captain. On my planet, to rest is to Kirk here.  Doctor McCoy calling from the planet, Captain. Yes. Open a channel, Uhura.  Aye, aye, sir. Captain, are you beaming down? I hadn't planned to, Bones. Why?  Well, either our scouting probes and Explain. On this supposedly uninhabited planet, I  Pull a gold watch from his vest and That's pretty good. I got one for you. The rabbit was followed by As a matter of fact, yes.   And they disappeared through a hole in All right, Doctor, I'll take your report under consideration. Very well, Captain. Something I did come to discuss. Yes, Mister Spock, what is it? I picked this up from Doctor McCoy's log. We have a crewmember That's much too low a rating.  He's becoming irritable and quarrelsome, yet he refuses to take A crewman's right ends where the safety of the ship begins. That James Kirk. Enjoy yourself, Captain. It's an interesting planet.  Scouts have detected no animals, artefacts, or force fields Rodriguez, Teller, everything all right? Good. That should be sufficient. Beam it up to Mister Spock when Thank you. Restful. After what we've been through, it's hard to believe a McCoy! McCoy!  Over here. Over here. Bones, know any good rabbit jokes lately? As a matter of fact, I do, but this is not one of them. Look at Footprints. Could be a rabbit. It would have to be an unusual Negative. He was examining the flora at the time. Bridge, this is the Captain. Collecting specimens.  Bridge. Has the first shore party beamed down yet? Negative, Captain. They're just about to start. Get this message to all shore parties. Stand by. No one is to Aye, aye, sir. You're cancelling the shore leave on account of this, Jim?  You're the doctor, Doctor. Can you explain this? Well, no.  Neither can I. I admit it looks harmless. It probably is What do you think you're doing? Target shooting, Captain. Isn't it a beauty? Haven't got anything Where did you get it, Mister Sulu? I found it. I know it's a crazy coincidence, but I've always (holding out his hand for the offending weapon) Mister Sulu. (handing it over) It fires lead pellets propelled by expanding I'll hang on to it. The fresh air seems to have made you Are you sure our instruments didn't show any animal life on this Absolutely. No birds, no mammals, no insects, nothing. I'm I'd like to believe this is an elaborate gag, but. Yeoman This is turning out to be one very unusual shore leave. Well, it could have been worse. How? You could have seen the rabbit. What's the matter, Bones, you getting a persecution complex? Well, yeah, I'm beginning to feel a little bit picked on, if I know the feeling very well. I had it at the Academy. An upper And you being the very serious young  Serious? I'll make a confession, Bones. I was absolutely grim, A girl's footprints. The young blonde girl I saw chasing it. Yes. You follow the rabbit. I'll backtrack the girl. I'll meet Good. I've got a personal grudge against that rabbit, Jim.  Finnegan? I can't believe it.  All right, let's try that one again. Go!  What was it? Yeoman Barrows.  What happened? Who was? Barrows, give me a report. Are you sure you're not imagining all this? Sounds like Don Juan. Mister Sulu was with you. Where is he now? Stay with her, Doctor. Mister Sulu! Sulu!  Mister Sulu! Sulu!  Sulu! Ruth? Ruth. (into communicator) McCoy, do you read me? Kirk here.  Did you find Mister Sulu, Captain? What?  Did you find Mister Sulu? No, but I'm sure he's all right.  Sir? Are you all right? Yes, I'm fine. Yes, Mister Rodriguez. Don't you like birds, Mister Rodriguez? Then offhand I'd say our instruments are defective. There are Mister Rodriguez, have the search parties rendezvous at the I don't want to. You haven't told me. You haven't told me  Ruth.  Kirk here.  Captain. Yes, Mister Spock.  I'm getting strange readings from the planet Specify.   A highly sophisticated type of energy draining our power Can you pinpoint the source?  Could be coming from beneath the planet's Keep me posted, Mister Spock. We'll continue Feeling better? It's a beautiful place. A little strange, I'll admit. I see what you mean, but then you'd have whole armies of Don You are all of those things and many more. They'll look even Now, look, I don't know how or why, but the dress is here. I'd My dear girl, I am a doctor. When I peek, it's in the line of McCoy here. I can't read you very well. Is this Rodriguez? Right. What the devil's wrong with communications? Esteban.   You're the science officer, Mister First there was McCoy's Alice in Wonderland Any chance these could be hallucinations?  One hallucination flattened me with a clout  The other.  That sounds like a painful reality. Yes.  There must be some logical explanation.  Your signal is very weak. Can you turn up  I'm already on maximum. Captain, shall I beam down an armed party?   Negative. Our people here are armed with McCoy. McCoy, do you read me? Kirk to McCoy. Captain, take cover! There's a Samurai after me.  A what?  I mean, there was. (no one is chasing him now) Captain, you've I do. I've met some interesting personalities myself. Have you Got a call a few minutes ago. Rodriguez. Said you were I hope he got through to everybody. Communications are almost out. That's not all. So's my phaser. (Kirk checks his own weapon - nothing)  Yeah. We'd better get to Yes, sir. (sound of a transporter beam) Look. Someone beaming Trying to. Something's obstructing it. (finally the familiar Necessary, Captain. Unable to contact you by communicator, and Good. We can use your help. We're stranded down here, Captain? Until we can find out what this is all about.  This is where the Captain said to rendezvous. (makes Tonia stand A princess shouldn't be afraid, not with a brave knight to That way. Spread out. Let's find it.  These things cannot be real. Hallucinations can't harm us. Go No.  Yeoman! We're in trouble. I need every crewman alert and thinking. (at the knight's body) Captain! Captain! You'd better have a look at this, sir. (the knight is a plastic Neither do I, Mister Sulu, but before we leave this planet, I It's like a dummy, Captain. It couldn't be alive. Tricorder? Still operating, sir. Mister Spock. (Spock and Sulu swap places, handing over the This is not human skin tissue, Captain. It more closely I want an exact judgment, Mister Spock. This is definitely a mechanical contrivance. It has the same Are you saying this is a plant, Mister Spock? I'm saying that these are all multicellular castings. The By who? And why? And why these particular things? All we know for certain is that they act exactly like the real Captain! McCoy's body?  He's gone. Dragged off.  Spock? At this point, Captain, my analysis may not sound very McCoy's death is a scientific fact.  There is one slight possibility, very slim, but nevertheless. I was, I was thinking about the Academy. My days  Finnegan. Finnegan! What's been happening to my people? Take Sulu. Find McCoy's body. This man is my problem. Captain, wait. That's an order, Mister Spock. I want some answers. Can you feel that?  Finnegan. One thing Answers. A lot of things. What's been happening to my people? I'm not a plebe. This is today, fifteen years later. What are you Did you enjoy it, Captain? Yes, I enjoyed it. After all these years. (realisation dawns) I Which supports a theory I've been formulating.  That we're all meeting people and things that we happen to be Yes. Somehow our thoughts are read, these things are quickly Dangerous if we happen to be thinking about  Yes. We must all control our thoughts.  Difficult.  The force field we encountered is obviously underground, Spock.  We've got to get back to the landing party and warn them.  Sulu, Rodriguez, Barrows. Front and centre. Sir.  Don't ask any questions, Sulu. Face front, everyone. Don't talk. Captain. Who are you? You know my name? Amuse? That's your word for what we've been through? The term is amusement park. An old Earth name for a place where people could go to see and Play? As advanced as you obviously are, and you still play? Yes, play, Mister Sulu. The more complex the mind, the greater But that still doesn't explain the death of my ship's surgeon. Possibly because no one has died, Jim. (Strolls in with a lovely Oh. Them. Well I, er, I was thinking about a little cabaret I Oh, yes. So you are. Well, girls, I suppose you can turn You say your people built all this. Who are you? What planet are I tend to agree. Kirk here.  This is the bridge, Captain. Our power systems have just No, everything is in order, Lieutenant. Stand by.  Aye, aye, sir. It's what the doctor ordered, Jim. Lieutenant.   Sir? Commence transporting shore leave parties. Tell them to prepare (handing the girl over to Sulu) Captain, I'll go back aboard No, Mister Spock. I'll go. You. (then he sees Ruth walking Did you enjoy your rest, gentlemen? Yes, we did, Mister Spock. I think we did. Indeed we did, Mister Spock. Most illogical. Ahead warp factor one, Mister Sulu.   Forward readings, Mister Spock.  Gravimetric readings, no significant change, zero space density. Ahead warp factor three, Mister Sulu. Colony Beta Six wants their Void, star desert. The word conjures up pictures of dunes, Sunlight, palm trees. We're nine hundred light years from that The precise meaning of the word desert is a waterless, barren That doesn't surprise me, Mister Spock. I can't imagine a mirage Thank you, Doctor McCoy. Moving on schedule into quadrant nine Something, Mister Spock?  Unusual, Captain. I'm now getting a sizable space-displacement Can you verify that, Navigator?  Put it on visual.  Inconceivable this body has gone unnoted on all our records.  And yet, here it is. No time to investigate. Science stations, Strong interference on subspace, Captain. The planet must be a Let's get out of its range. Veer forty degrees to starboard, Forty degrees.  Sulu!  Emergency! Full reverse power! We've searched again from stem to stern. If they're not down on Function is normal. Continuous sensor sweeps. Lieutenant Uhura, All of them, Mister Spock. No response.  I second DeSalle's request. What are we waiting for?  The decision will be mine, Doctor. I have the responsibility for Estimate survival time of two unprotected individuals down Mister Spock. Look.  Greetings and felicitations. Hmm. Send this, Lieutenant. USS Hip hip hoorah? And I believe it's pronounced tally ho.  I'll entertain any theories, Mister DeSalle. Any at all.  One thing is certain. Obviously there's life on that planet.  You're quite correct, Doctor. Prepare transporter room.  Request assignment to the search party, sir.  No, Mister Scott. Neither you nor I can be spared here. Mister  No more messages from below, sir, but Very good. Transmit coordinates to Mister Scott. Once on the Ready, Mister Spock.  Activate.  Where are your storms, Jaeger?  (trying his own communicator) No response.  In the name of heaven, where are we?  There's no reading. They're like waxworks figures.  Where are we?  What happened? Fill me in.  You disappeared from the bridge after Sulu. We've been looking I'm Captain James Kirk of the United Starship Enterprise.  Who are you? Where do you come from?  Then you've been looking in on the doings nine hundred years General Trelane.  For what purpose have you imprisoned us here?  Our missions are peaceful, not for conquest. When we do battle, I must ask you to let us go back to our ship.  Not yet. Put it on stun, not to kill, DeSalle.  This is Mister DeSalle, our navigator. Doctor McCoy, our medical Is he kidding?  Who will you start with, my crew? Are we your next targets?  That's correct.  Like the transporter system aboard the Enterprise.  This drawing room, did you create it by rearranging matter on I see. How did you manage  Come on, let's go. We're getting out of here.  Aye, it's there, Mister Spock. Peaceful as I don't, Mister Scott. It simply exists. Artificial perhaps, or Aye, it could, but it couldn't move around much.  Apply a fine tuning on our sensors. Locate any life forms in If we find any, it doesn't follow that it would be our people.  Affirmative. But if the Captain is down there and alive, that's Shooting in the dark, Mister Spock?  Or stand by and do nothing, Mister Scott.  Captain, where could he possibly come from? Who is this maniac?  Better say, what is he? I monitored him, and what I found was Not alive?  Not in the way we define life. No trace. Zero.  You mean, it shows he's dead?  It doesn't even show that he exists at all, alive or dead.  Fire without heat, mistaking all this for present day Earth Trelane, we haven't planned  If your admiration is genuine, you must have respect for our For how long?  Until what is over?  Trelane, even if we wanted to stay, our companions are missing There are four hundred men and women aboard that ship.  (grabbing his arm) No.  This game has gone on long enough. Those are crucial operating Captain, receiving a transporter signal.  It means, Trelane, the party's over, thanks to Mister Spock.  Everyone to stations. Report, Mister Spock. They didn't, Captain. Not clearly. We merely beamed up all life Which means Trelane is not a life form as we know it, or he'd be Prepare to warp out of here at once. Maximum speed.  Scotty, we're going to need every ounce of your engines. We're  Aye aye, sir.  I'm quaking, but I don't know if it's from laughter or terror.  Doctor, what was it? What was down there?  Well, it was a. Oh, forget it.  Trelane.  I am Spock.  My father is from the planet Vulcan.  Not generally. But there have been exceptions.  On the contrary. I commend his action.  Get off my ship.  We're not going anywhere.  No.  DeSalle.  Trelane, let him go.  We haven't even got our phasers.  This is General Trelane.  Lieutenant Uhura of communications.  No doubt.  (holding Trelane back) Yeoman Teresa Ross. I believe you have met Affirmative.  I object to you. I object to intellect without discipline. I I don't know how to play this.  Captain, how far do we go along with this charade?  Until we can think our way out. Meanwhile, we accept his You should taste his food. Straw would taste better than his It may be unappetizing, Doctor, but it is very logical.  There's that magic word again. Does your logic find this Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected. In this case, I You don't find this unexpected, Mister Spock?  That his food has no taste, his wine no flavour? No. It simply And if he's fallible, he can't be all powerful. Which means he Evidently.  A machine? A device? Something which does these things for him.  That mirror. It's part of his audience, his ego. He never wanders Is it ego, or something else?  Explain.  The mirror.  What about it?  You noted yourself he never gets very far from it. I suppose it No, no, Mister Spock, that's not the reason. What kind of a A machine with the ability to turn energy into matter guided by Like a computer, only much more. Could the machine that maintains I think not. A device capable of keeping out this planet's Good. I agree. That leaves me free  Free, Captain?  If I'm not mistaken, Mister Spock, I think I can turn his lights You only heard part of it. I just started.  Yes. I want you to leave my crewmen alone. I want you to leave my (removing one of her long gloves) I don't want you accepting his I don't care what you believe, just keep your hands off her!  I've had enough of your insulting attentions to her.  If it's fighting that you want, (slaps Trelane) you may have it.  If you have the courage.  Are you ready?  Enough talk. Let's get on with it.  We shoot together.  All right.  Captain.  The machine.  Try to contact the ship.  Go on, Trelane. Look at it. It's over. Your power is blanked out. Trelane! Everyone, we're getting out of here. Now. This is the Set course for Colony Beta Six.  Laid in, sir.  Full power acceleration from orbit, Mister Scott.   Full power, sir.  Emergency warp at the earliest possible moment, Mister Sulu.  Standing by to warp, sir.  Shall I make a full report to Spacefleet Command, sir?  Not yet. They may trace our beam. Wait until we're well out of Can we know his range is, Captain?  We can take an educated guess. At the point we entered their Still no sign of pursuit. Instruments clear, sir.  Good.  Yes, I think you might. Turn in your glass slippers. The ball is Hard to believe it ever happened.  Captain, we're about to warp.  Collision course.  Hard to port, Mister Sulu.  That was the planet Gothos, Captain.  Gothos? Mister Sulu, have we been going in circles?  No, sir. All instruments show on course.  Gothos again, Captain.  Hard over, Mister Sulu.  Cat and mouse game.  With us as the mouse.  Ninety degrees to starboard, Mister Sulu.  Turning, Captain. Nut not veering off from it.  Ninety degrees sub-port, Mister Sulu. Adjust.  Turn completed, and still accelerating toward the planet.  Or it toward us.  Decelerate into orbit. Prepare transporter room.  Captain, you're not beaming down.  Yes, I am, Doctor McCoy. I am going to see our playful Mister Trelane.  I've had enough of your games.  I haven't come to plead in your court, Trelane.  I've come for one purpose. To get back my ship.  We've made you angry with our will to survive, haven't we?  Then vent your anger on me alone. I was the one who led the I took that chance. I'm willing to pay the price for chancing Yes, anything! Just allow the Enterprise to continue its journey. Those people have done you no harm.  We're living beings, not playthings for your amusement.  I'm glad you weren't disappointed.  Trelane, if you think I'm going to cheerfully and obediently That's your problem, Trelane. Everything is easy. It's given you Here you have an opportunity to experience something really Yes. The terror of murder. The suspense. The fun.  A personal conflict between us. Not like the duel before, but the That's the idea.  Yes, but you can do better than that. There's still not enough It strikes me very well. But you'll have to make it worth my Yes. While we're playing our game, free my ship. Let it continue Let me notify the Enterprise that it can go.  Enterprise. Enterprise, this is Kirk. Can you hear me? (static) Enterprise.  Enterprise. Enterprise, can you hear me?  Enterprise. Enterprise.  Remember, Trelane. You promised to let my ship go.  You haven't won, Trelane.  But you haven't won anything.  No! Does it still taste as sweet?  But I'm not defeated.  You've got a lot to learn about winning, Trelane.  In fact, you've got a lot to learn about everything, haven't you? Who are you? Who is Trelane?  Captain to Enterprise. Captain to Enterprise.   Captain, we're receiving you.  Beam me up, Mister Spock. We're free to go.  Warping down, Captain. Our warp factor four.  Colony Beta Six clears us for normal approach, sir.  Normal orbit approach procedures, Mister Sulu.  Captain.  Mister Spock. Still thinking about Trelane, is that it?  For the record, how do we describe him? Pure mentality? Force of God of war, Mister Spock.  I hardly find that fitting.  Then a small boy, and a very naughty one at that.  It will make a strange entry in the library banks.  Then he was a very strange small boy. One the other hand, he was Mischievous pranks, Captain?  Yes. Dipping little girls' curls in inkwells. Stealing apples Forgive me, Mister Spock. I should have known better.  I shall be delighted, Captain.   You'll enjoy Commodore Travers. He sets a good table.  I wonder if he brought his personal chef along with him to Probably. Rank hath its privileges. How well we both know that.  Scotty. Kirk here. Good, Commodore. We're on our way. We'll beam down immediately, Commodore. Kirk out. Captain. I wonder why he's insistent that our tactical aides This colony is isolated, exposed, out on the edge of now here. He Perhaps, Captain, but nevertheless  Spock, isn't it enough the commodore is famous for his Doctor, you are a sensualist. You bet your pointed ears I am. Ready whenever you are, Captain. Energise.  Kirk to Enterprise. Red alert.  What is it, Captain? Cestus Three has been destroyed. Full alert. Tricorder readings, Mister Spock. Life detection. Those messages we got, Captain, the one directing us here Faked. All this happened several days ago. (to a man in a yellow Captain, impulses that direction. Very weak, possibly a survivor. Come on, Bones. Captain, over there.  Careful, careful. Shock, radiation burns, internal injuries for Keep him alive, Bones. I want to know what's been happening here. Getting another life reading, Captain. Survivors? Not survivors. Not warm-blooded. Living creatures, but not human. Where? Azimuth ninety three degrees, range one five seven zero yards. O'Herlihy. Cover! Kirk to Enterprise, lock on transporters. Beam us up. Captain, we're coming under attack.  We can't beam you up. I've just rigged Keep those screens up. Fire all phasers.  Firing phasers, Captain. The alien has Take all action necessary to protect the Are you under attack, Captain?   We could drop screens. Keep those screens up. Worry about us when the ship is safe.   Kirk out.  If they lower those screens to beam us up, they'll be open to We're hopelessly outnumbered here, Captain. It's those We're stuck with it, Mister Spock. We'll have to make do with Kelowitz, Lang, flank out. Lay down fire on co-ordinates Mister We're helpless down here. And the Enterprise  Sulu is an experienced combat officer. It's my ship, Mister Spock. I should be there. We can't even get Nor can they at us at the moment. Not unless they moved their Can you remember the layout of this place? The arsenal?  About one hundred yards in that direction. But after an attack I'll risk it. Kirk here. Report.  Captain, are you all right?  Never mind about me. What about the ship?  We returned fire with all phaser banks. Arm your photon torpedoes. Aye, aye, sir. Arm photon torpedoes. Stand Any identification on the attacking vessel?   No, sir. Doesn't correspond with any configuration we're We can't get visual contact. She's too far Photon torpedoes locked on, Captain.  Fire all banks.  All banks fired, sir.  Sulu. Sulu, our communications are being  You do anything you think necessary to Clear, Captain, but you  Never mind about me. Protect my ship!  Yes, sir. Photon torpedoes negative, Captain. Good. Contact me when you can. Kirk out.  How is he, Doctor?  He'll be dead in half an hour if we don't get him some decent They're moving. I've got to get to the Captain.  Locked on to the enemy, Captain. They're moving toward the high Very ingenious. They fed back my own impulses and built up an We'll see how ingenious they are. Here, give me a hand with this Any word from the Enterprise? Sulu's taken her out of orbit. Did you see them? An evaluation, Mister Kelowitz. Where do you think they are? It'll be a lot closer to them. Stand clear.  Kirk here.  Captain, the alien's withdrawing. She's at extreme range, Lock on to the alien, Mister Sulu. I don't want to lose her. Aye, aye, sir. Our screens are down. We can I want a search party of thirty medical Aye, aye, sir. Can you tell me what happened? Yes, I know. Easy. Easy. Lieutenant, the Enterprise received two messages, ostensibly from It was a trap. Getting the Enterprise to come Very clever. As to the reason?  The reason is crystal clear. The Enterprise is the only You allude to invasion, Captain, yet positive proof  I have all the proof I need on Cestus Three. Not necessarily, sir. Several possible explanations  How can you explain a massacre like that? No, Mister Spock. The Very well, then. If that's the case, you must make certain that I intend to. If we can keep them in the dark as to our strength,  Sulu here, sir. Is the alien still making warp five?   Affirmative, sir. Initiate warp six.   Affirmative, sir. Overtake. Phaser banks, lock on to the enemy vessel. Stand by for Mister DePaul.  Position. All scanners lock into computer banks. I want a complete record Virtually nothing, Captain. No records of any explorations. Anything on intelligent life forms? Nothing specific, Captain. Unscientific rumours only. More like Mister Sulu, status, alien vessel. They must be aware we're after them, sir. They've gone to warp Warp factor seven. Aye, aye, sir. Something the matter, Mister Spock? A sustained warp seven speed will be dangerous, Captain. Thank you, Mister Spock. I mean to catch them.  We'll either catch them or blow up, Captain. They may be faster They'll have to prove it. Yes, Mister Spock? You mean to destroy the alien ship, Captain?  Of course. I thought perhaps the hot pursuit alone might be sufficient. Colony Cestus Three has been obliterated, Mister Spock.  The destruction of the alien vessel will not help that colony, If the aliens go unpunished, they'll be back, attacking other I merely suggested that a regard for sentient life  There's no time for that. It's a matter of policy. Out here, Very clear, Captain. I'm delighted, Mister Spock. Report, Mister Sulu. Alien ship maintaining interval, Captain. Now at warp seven. Warp factor eight.  Aye, aye, sir. Captain to phaser banks. All components at battle ready. All Captain.  Yes, Mister Sulu. Closing on target, sir. Good. Mister DePaul.  Our position. Is it on the alien's course? Captain, sensors report we're being scanned. By the alien ship? No, sir. It's from that solar system ahead. Any interference? Resistance? No, sir, Just scanning beams. It's on an unusual wave length. Mister Spock? It would appear someone is curious about us. Mister Sulu, is the alien still heading away from that solar Yes, sir. We're closing, sir. Lieutenant Uhura, anything further on those scanning beams? There's no hostility, sir. They're not tractors or weapons of Captain! Yes, what is it? The alien. It's slowing down. Warp five, four, two. It's going He may be turning to fight. No, sir. They're just dead out there. Are you sure?  Yes, sir. Unmoving. Then we've got them. Go to Red Alert. Prepare to fire phaser Computer lock ready, Captain. All systems standing by. Range is one eight one zero. One seven six zero. Range is one Warp six, warp five, four, warp three, warp one. Sublight, From warp eight? Have you lost your mind?  Same as the alien, Captain. Mister Scott, report.  We're dead, Captain. Locked up. Frozen tight. All propulsion Life systems? They're all normal, sir. Atmosphere, heat, light. No variance. Phaser banks. Report. Damage Control, report. All systems report normal, Captain. No ascertainable damage. Then what is it? I don't know, sir, but whatever it is, we canna move. We're being held in place, Captain, apparently from that solar This far out? That's impossible. We are being held. Tractor beam? No, sir. An unidentifiable power.  This is Kirk. I don't understand. What makes you think you can interfere with  Just a minute  He's gone.   The Enterprise is dead in space, stopped cold during her Have you tried overload? Aye, sir. It does no good. How about bypassing the transformer banks? Feed the impulse I tried that, sir. Nothing. Lieutenant Uhura, have sensors learned anything about the nature No, sir. They report they definitely emanate from that solar No indication of its composition? Gravimetric? Magnetic? Nothing, sir.  This is Captain James Kirk of the Starship Enterprise. Who ever  He's immensely strong. Already he has withstood attacks from The Metrons, the creatures that sent us both here, said that the Leave channel one open, Lieutenant, just in Aye, aye, sir. What are you going to do, Mister Spock? I'm going to wait, Doctor. There's little else I can do. What about the Captain? If I could help him, I would. I cannot. Now, you're the one that's always talking about logic. What He's out there, Doctor. Out there somewhere in a thousand cubic A large deposit of diamonds on the surface. Perhaps the hardest This is the U.S.S. Enterprise calling the This may be my last entry. I am almost exhausted. Unless I find The ship, our engines, our weapons. It's But it has happened, Doctor. We appeal to you in the name of civilisation. Put a stop to this. If there were only some way we could contact him. Yes, indeed, Doctor, if only there were. Notice the substance So? Perhaps nothing, Doctor. (Kirk tastes the mineral and spits it [on viewscreen] Who is this, the Metron? [on viewscreen] All right. What do you want?  [on viewscreen] Like you were at Cestus Three? [on viewscreen] You butchered helpless human beings Can that be true? Was Cestus Three an intrusion on their space? It may well be possible, Doctor. We know very little about that Then we could be in the wrong. Perhaps. That is something best decided by diplomats. The Gorn simply might have been trying to protect themselves. Yes.  Fascinating. Good. Good. (Kirk cuts vines to length against a Yes. Yes. What is it, Spock? An invention, Doctor. First potassium nitrate, and now if he can What's he doing? Diamonds. The hardest known substance. Impelled by sufficient What force? Recall your basic chemistry, Doctor. Gunpowder.  Coal.  Can he do it? If he has the time, Doctor. If he has the time. No. No, I won't kill you. Maybe you thought you were protecting No, I won't kill him! Do you hear? You'll have to get your You're a Metron? You seem more like a boy. How? What happened to the Gorn? No. That won't be necessary. We can talk. Maybe reach an Captain! Are you all right? I don't know. I don't know. All right, everybody. Back to your Captain. Mister Sulu. It's impossible, but there's Sirius over there when it should be Don't try and figure it out, Mister Sulu. Just plot a course for Aye, aye, sir. After you touched off your primitive cannon, Captain, we lost You saw what happened down there?  Most of it. I would be interested in knowing what finally We're a most promising species, Mister Spock, as predators go. I've frequently had my doubts. I don't. Not anymore. And maybe in a thousand years or so, we'll Warp factor one. A thousand years, Captain? Well, Mister Spock?  Very typical, Captain. Iron-silicon base, oxygen-hydrogen Photographic section, begin scanning. Tie in to visual section Captain.  Mister Spock!  Incredible, Captain.  What was that?  What my instruments read is totally unbelievable, Captain. I want facts, not poetry.  I have given you the facts, Captain. The entire magnetic field That's impossible. What you're describing  Is non-existence.  Standard General Alert signal from Starfleet Command, Captain.  All stations to immediate alert status. Stand by.  Captain, scanners now report a life object on the planet surface You just did a complete life survey five minutes ago. How are you Inexplicable, Captain. This reading began at approximately the Well, what is it, this object? Its physical makeup?  A living being. Body temperature 98.5 Fahrenheit. Mass, And its appearance coincided with this cosmic winking-out?  Almost to the second.  Explanation.  None.  Speculation. Could this being present any danger to the ship?  Possible. Very possible.  Lieutenant Uhura, notify Security to have an armed detachment of Nothing yet, sir.  Yes.  You have a talent for understatement, Lieutenant. Without full Any further magnetic disturbance?  Negative, Captain. Scanners indicate situation normal.  Nothing?  Nothing. Illogical. An effect of such proportions, unexplainable Keep checking.  Red Two message in one minute, Captain. Starfleet Command. Code Repeat.  Code Factor one.  Invasion status. All hands, this is the Captain. Battle stations.  McCoy, Captain.  Kirk here.   About our patient.  Yes, Doctor, quickly.   He'll make it. He'll be stiff and sore for a while, but I'll talk to him later. Thank you. Kirk out.  Message ready, Captain. Main screen, coming up.  Kirk here. Enterprise standing by, Commodore.  Yes, sir.  Thank you, sir. I have considered all the alternatives. My best Aye, aye, sir. Can you assign me other starships as a reserve?  I see. You mean, we're the bait.  Thank you, sir. (transmission ends) Maintain alert status at all Aye aye, sir.  From the top, Mister Spock. First, the phenomenon came from the Third, a closer examination of the planet's surface would be in Yes. Meanwhile, I'll talk to our unexpected guest. Maybe he can You say this one man  Thing destroyed your entire civilisation.  How did you escape?  Before we picked you up, our ship sustained a number of Is he the thing that attacked you?  We don't have any other facts, any information.  My only cause is the safety of my ship and the mission we're on. Spock, find anything?  Negative, Captain. Anything from our guest?  According to him, there's a creature of some sort down here, a Lieutenant Uhura communicated that information. I ordered I fail to comprehend your indignation, sir. I've simply made the Let's have it. The truth this time.  Can you identify that?  I'm trying, Captain.  Lazarus! You stay here. All personnel, security red.  Lazarus, what happened?  Let's get out of here.  Captain, readings of the effect indicate it centred here on this Let's get back to the ship.  Any luck?  Negative, Captain. I can no more explain the occurrence of the If there's a shred of truth to what Lazarus said  That a single creature, a humanoid could be responsible for an Hard to believe.  Indeed.  But the rest of his story seems to fit. His wounds testify to an Affirmative.  Assuming there is a humanoid, a something, how does he do it? He Captain, I only know for certain that the occurrence of the Doctor McCoy asking to see you in sickbay, Captain.  I don't know, Jim. Maybe I'm imagining You tell me. That's why you brought me down here, isn't it.  Well, as you know, we both brought Lazarus in here and I treated Right.  Then I bandaged it, I stepped into this room for just a moment  Bones, I've got a lot of things to do. Get to the point.  Well, say he's got the constitution of a dinosaur, recuperative Where is he?  I don't know, Jim. This is a big ship. I'm just a country Lazarus, are you all right?  No. I have a ship's physician with a strange sense of humour.  This is no joke, Jim. I know what I saw.   Bridge calling the captain.  Go.   Request you come to the Bridge, Captain.  Find something?   Something quite extraordinary.  On my way. Lazarus, you're with me. Bones, if I had time, I'd Main screen on, Lieutenant.  Screen on, sir.  Source of radiation, Captain.  How is it the scanners didn't pick it up before?  Because it is not there.  Another riddle? First Doctor McCoy, then you?  What I mean, Captain, is that according to our usual scanning But it is there.  Affirmative. I confess I am somewhat at a loss for words. It may A what?  A kind of physical warp, Captain, in which none of our You refer to the humanoid?  What do the crystals have to do with it? All they show us the Out of the question. Those crystals are the very heart of the How? Now you tell me how. All I've heard is double-talk, lies, Don't threaten me, Lazarus.   Lieutenant, can you prepare an experimentation chamber in  Lieutenant, what is it? What's wrong? Lieutenant?  Captain, Security reports Lazarus missing. Fact. You said you needed the crystals. Fact. An hour after you How'd this beast get aboard my ship?  No. He didn't transport up. A report would've been made.  Why does he need the crystals? For what reason?  Sit down. The crystals certainly aren't here. There's an You may not have reason to thank me, depending on what we find.  I believe the missing crystals aren't in your ship. Mister Spock? Unable to locate the source of radiation.  Why not? You had it spotted on the Enterprise.  It has simply disappeared, Captain.  I want every inch of this terrain checked. Look for footprints, He's coming out of it now.  It's all right. You're on board the Enterprise.  How's your head?  You saved my life down there. I want to thank you.  I have some questions I want to ask you.  Not now, Jim.  It's necessary.  This is a computer report of the evidence you gave at your first Try us.  I'll have the truth now.  What are you saying?  And this thing you search for is a time traveler, too?  Lazarus, you're hurt. I know. I sympathise, but I've got four He's got to get some rest, Jim. And would you get that muscleman Dismissed.  He's in a lot of pain.  Sometimes pain can drive a man harder than pleasure. I'm sure you Well, don't worry, he's not going anywhere. Not this time.  What have we got, Mister Spock? A magnetic True, Captain, but more significant to me is the fact that our But by using those instruments you were unable to identify the Correct. Which would seem to be impossible.  Are the instruments in order?  Perfect working condition.  Then what you say leads obviously to one alternative. The source Nor in our universe, Captain. It came from outside.  Outside? Yes, that would explain a lot. Another universe, perhaps The possible existence of a parallel universe has been All right. What would happen if another universe, say a minus Unquestionably a warp. A distortion of physical laws on an Which is what we've been experiencing. The point where they come Indeed. I point out that a hole in the universe or in a simple Or what is outside to enter. The invasion that Commodore Barstow There has been no evidence of a large-scale invasion.  But a small scale invasion, Mister Spock. What is your analysis Difficult, Captain. One moment, paranoid, the next, calm, mild, Yes, two men. Different, but identical. And a hole in the Through which these two beings are somehow enabled to pass.  Take a look at Lazarus. One minute he's at the point of death, The cut on his forehead. First he has it, then it's gone, then Which is physically impossible for one man.  Quite right. Unquestionably, there are two of him.  What's going on? This leaping from universe to universe. This Jim, madness has no purpose or reason, but it may have a goal. I don't follow you.  Two parallel universes project this. One positive, the other Do you know what you're saying? Matter and antimatter have a Precisely. Under certain conditions, when two identical Like Lazarus. Identical. Like both Lazarus', only one is matter Annihilation, Jim. Total, complete, absolute annihilation.  Of everything that exists, everywhere.  Fire, Captain. Engineering. Situation All available personnel, on the double. Spock, with me.  Report.  Lazarus. A trick to get the crystals.  He's probably beaming down with the crystals right now. I'm going Spock to Bridge.  Energise.  Lazarus.  No, him.  Not completely. This is a parallel universe?  Antimatter?  And if identical particles meet  He has two more.  Exactly what did I pass through?  This corridor, is it what caused the magnetic effect, the winking And the universe is safe.  Surely Lazarus must realise what would happen if you should meet So you're the terrible thing, the murdering monster. The I understand. What do you want me to do?  You can't hold him forever.  If I destroy his ship, won't yours also be destroyed?  And your door will be closed.  You'll be trapped inside that corridor with him forever. At each I'm ready.  Lazarus.  Stand back.  Take these crystals to the Enterprise.  I must destroy that ship completely.  What of Lazarus?  And what of Lazarus?  Activate phaser banks.  Stand by to fire.  Fire phasers.  All right, Mister Lesley, let's get out of here. Ahead warp Everything's all right, Mister Spock, for us.  There is, of course, no escape for them, sir.  There is, of course, no escape. How would it be? Trapped forever Captain, the universe is safe.  For you and me. But what of Lazarus? What of Lazarus?  Mister Spock.  Except for secondary systems, everything is out, sir. We're on Auxiliaries?  If Mister Scott is still with us, auxiliaries should be on Mister Scott is still with us.  This is the Captain. Damage control parties on all decks, check Yes, sir.  Captain? Casualty reports indicate only minor injuries. Orbit where?  Earth, Captain. We were on a general course in this direction Screen on.  We are too low in the atmosphere to retain this orbit, Captain. Give us some altitude, Mister Sulu.  Yes, sir. Helm answering. She's sluggish, sir.  Captain, normal Starfleet channel has nothing but static. I'm Put it on audio.  Manned Moon shot? That was in the late 1960s.  Apparently, Captain, so are we.  What?  Whiplash propelled us into a time warp, Captain. Backward. Exact Captain, I'm getting ground to air transmission.  Verified. Scanners report some type of craft approaching from Mister Sulu, can you gain altitude faster? I Picking up, sir, but she's still slow in responding.  Positive identification, Captain. Aircraft is an interceptor, Scotty, activate tractor beam. Lock onto that aircraft and hold Captain, this type of aircraft might be too fragile to take our  Tractor beam on, sir. We have the target.  Aircraft is breaking up, Captain.  Transporter room. Can you lock onto the cockpit of that aircraft? Try and beam that pilot aboard. Take over, Mister Spock.  Welcome aboard the Enterprise.  That's right. You can step off the transporter  Relax, Captain, you're among friends. I'm Captain James T. Kirk.  All in good time, Captain. Meanwhile, let me apologise for We'll tell you what we decide to tell you in a few moments. In  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here. What is it, Mister Spock?   The aircraft has completely broken up, Captain. Shall we Affirmative. We have the pilot aboard. I'll be right up. Kirk Morning. (drags Christopher along) Captain.  Crewman.  Bridge.  There are only twelve like it in the fleet.  We're a combined service, Captain. Our authority is the United This is very difficult to explain. We're from your future. A time Neither have I.  Captain Christopher, this is my First Officer, Lieutenant Captain.  Feel free to look around, Captain. Don't touch anything, but I We've achieved a stable orbit out of Earth's atmosphere. Our Very well, Mister Spock. Anything else on your mind?  Captain Christopher.  What about him?  We cannot return him to Earth, Captain. He already knows too Your logic can be most annoying.  That flight suit must be uncomfortable. (to Spock) Why don't you Yes, sir.  Computer on. Record.  (in a low, breathy voice) Recording.  Come.  Captain's log, supplemental. Engineering Officer Scott informs Computed and recorded, dear.  Computer, you will not address me in that manner. Compute.  Computed, dear.  Mister Spock, I ordered this computer and its interlinking I have investigated it, Captain. To correct the fault will I wouldn't mind so much if it didn't get so affectionate.  It also has an unfortunate tendency to giggle.  We put in at Cygnet Fourteen for general repair and maintenance. I'm afraid you'll have to. We can't send you back.  It's not the transporter. It's you. You know what the future I have run a computer check on all historical tapes. They show I'd report, If I could. We can't take the risk.  I'm sorry.   Engine room to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   What is it, Scotty?  Progress report, sir. Everything's jury-rigged, but we're coming But what, Scotty?  Well sir, as I say, the engines are being  Sir?  Yes, Scotty. Carry on.  Recommendation for his disposition, dear? Maintenance note. My recording computer has a serious (petulant) Computed.   Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Have some new information regarding Captain Christopher. Yes, Mister Spock. Report to my quarters. I'll contact Captain  Yes, sir. Bridge out.  Captain Christopher. Captain Christopher? Security, this is the Well, Jim, with the exception of a slight He tried to escape. I know how he feels, but I can't send him Jim, what if we can't go back? What do we do, sit up here and Yes. But we're not in that position yet.  I'm glad to hear it.  And if we do get back to where we belong, then he won't belong. Maybe he could be retrained, reeducated.  Now you're sounding like Spock.  If you're going to get nasty, I'm going to leave.  Could he be retrained to forget his family? His children?  You all right?  Crude methods, but effective.  It's just a joke, Captain.  You said you had some additional information, Mister Spock?  I made an error in my computations.  Oh? This could be an historic occasion.  I find that we must return Captain Christopher to Earth after Poor choice of words on my part. I neglected, in my initial You mean yet.  The doctor is correct. Unless we return Captain Christopher to Well, that's it, isn't it? We'll have to find some way of  Acknowledging that we must return Captain That means those search parties will be crawling all over that And Captain Christopher himself complicated the matter.  If I remember my history, these things were being dismissed as Captain, our tractor beam caught and crushed an Air Force plane. What about our problem, Mister Spock? Any ideas on how to get us A theory. A reverse application of what happened to us. We're going to have to go back and get those reports and photos. Perhaps.  Not at all. You'll simply be one of the thousands who thought he No, Captain. Thank you, but if anything should go wrong, you Primitive computer. I've seen them demonstrated in museums.  Me, too. If this one's like those, it'll make the devil's noise I don't intend to start it.  How long have they been down there now?  Fifteen minutes, twenty eight seconds.  Well, shouldn't they be coming up?  It is a fact, Doctor, that prowling by stealth is more Shouldn't you be working on your time warp calculations, Mister I am.  It's been too long. Jim should have at least You may be correct, Doctor. Open communicator channel.  What was what?  I didn't hear anything.  The emergency signal.  Beam up immediately.  Only one signal. What happened?  We'll know in a moment, Doctor.   Kirk to Enterprise.  Spock here. Are you all right, Captain?  Yes, I'm all right, but as you can see, we Your surprise package is an Air Police  I want you to keep him in the I don't believe there'll be trouble in that respect, Captain.  Our guest seems quite satisfied to remain where he is.  Kirk out. (returns to the magnetic tapes) Five thirty in that time zone, maybe a little after.  Put it at the end of these tapes, will you? Get them all.  We'll try the darkroom.  Yes, that's it. That's all of them. Signal Mister Spock that Yes, sir.  What other one?  No, no, no. Just me. Besides, could anyone get out of here Your decision to beam up was quite correct,  Engine room to Mister Spock.  Spock here.   We've completed re-energising the warp engines, sir. We can Do so now, engineer. We'll need all power to test our theory.   Aye, sir. Engine room out.  (examining a roll of film) Poor photography.  Blast your theories and observations, Mister Spock. What about I am aware of that, Doctor. This is the first officer. Captain Believe me, Colonel, you wouldn't believe me.  I popped in out of thin air.  No, Colonel. I know it's no game.  For the fourth time, my name is James T. Kirk.  I told you, you wouldn't believe me.  Colonel, would you mind being careful with that?  Of some kind.  If you don't stop being careless with that, you'll have one. A This little thing? Just something I slipped on.  Did I sabotage something?  Believe me, Colonel, nothing at all.  That's what would have happened if you hadn't interfered.  All right, Colonel. The truth is, I'm a little green man from That ought to be just about right.  Quite logical, Captain. Can you give us the co-ordinates to beam I can't do that, Captain.  If something went wrong  Mister Sulu, you and Captain Christopher will beam down with me. Shall I issue phasers?  One for you, one for me. Set them on heavy stun force.  Yes, sir. (leaves)  In fact, I do. But only to a certain point.  Energise.  Don't you find that painful, Captain?  Yes, I do. What's he doing here?  He knew the exact beam down co-ordinates for this section of the I see. No harm done. Mister Sulu, did you check out those tapes?  Mister Spock ran them through. They were the right ones. We got All they have is a mystery and no answers. Mister Sulu, signal Yes, sir.  Don't be a fool. You know what's at stake.  You can't explain your presence on the base.  You'll go home, Christopher but you'll do it our way.  I suspected he might not wish to return with us.  Four to beam up, Mister Sulu.  Yes, sir. Mister Scott and I both agree that the only Logically, as we move faster and faster toward the sun, we'll You won't have anything to remember, because it never would have Oh, we'll do that all right, Captain. We'll not be getting so Helm control?  Braking control, sir. If I can't stop us soon enough, we may Well, gentlemen, we all have to take a chance. Especially if one Ahead warp factor three, Mister Sulu.  Warp factor three, sir.  Take a good look around, Captain. You made it here ahead of all Sir, our speed is increasing. We're travelling at over warp Mister Spock.  Since we've passed Mercury, the sun's pull on us has increased Get your gear. Report to the transporter room. And Captain Approaching breakaway point. On the countdown. Ten, nine, eight, Now, Mister Sulu. (the ship lurches sideways) More power, Mister It's maximum now, sir. She's fighting it.  We've broken free and heading back.  Gaining speed now, Captain. We're now at warp four, warp seven. Chronometers moving forward again, Captain.  Do you have the chronometer reading and the co-ordinates to Computed.  Bridge to transporter room. Captain Christopher.  We're coming up on Earth fast, Captain. Are Our pleasure, Captain. Bridge out.  Twenty minutes, sir. It'll be close.  Bridge to transporter room. Prepare to energise.  Ten minutes. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, Energise.  Approaching second beaming, Captain.  Bridge to transporter room, prepare to energise.  Now.  Energise.  Past Pluto, sir.  What's our reading, Mister Spock?  Approaching our century, Captain. Braking should begin now.  Bridge to engineering. Begin full braking power.  Pulling away from the sun weakened them, No choice, Mister Scott.  Aye, sir.  Fifty years to go.  Engines cutting back, sir. No decrease in speed.  Forty, thirty.  Never mind, Mister Spock.  The engines!  Engine room to Bridge. Engines are on full Mister Scott is still with us.  Captain.  Open a channel, Uhura.  Frequency open, sir.  Starfleet Control, this is the Enterprise. Captain Kirk speaking. Record ship arrival, dear.  Starfleet Control, repeating message. The Enterprise is home. O'Neil, we've got to keep going. Come on, get up.  The Captain gave us an order. We've got to find some clue.  Scouting party to Enterprise.   Come in.  What is it, Mister Sulu?  Captain, beam us up quick. Emergency.  Transporter room, lock onto Sulu and O'Neil. Mister O'Neil, stand tight. They'll beam us up any minute.  O'Neil!  Sulu, what is it? Where's Lieutenant O'Neil?  What? Who?  Lieutenant O'Neil. Where is he?  You. You're not of the Body.  Doctor McCoy.  Doctor McCoy, transporter room. Quickly.  You, you did it. They knew we were Archons. These are the clothes Sulu, take it easy.  Landru. Landru.  Sit down. (McCoy enters) What happened?  They're wonderful. They're the sweetest, friendliest people in Lieutenant O'Neil. Where is he?  Paradise. Paradise. Materialisation completed. Kirk out.  Odd. The expression on that man's face. The mindlessness. Vacant Like Sulu. If everybody on this planet is like him. Let's go.  Joy to you.  Yes.  This Festival, it starts at six o'clock?  Let's get out of here.  I'm sorry to break in on you like this. We didn't expect that Yes, that's right. We're from the valley.  Yes.  We heard that you might have rooms for us.  We have no plans to attend the Festival, sir.  I'd like to hear more about this Festival, and Landru.  What about Landru?  Landru. My guess is we have until morning. Let's put the time to Spock. Spock, Lindstrom. Doc.  Excuse me.  He'll give her a shot. It'll calm her down. Trust us.  What about Landru? Who is he?  No.  She's asleep.  What if we are?  We can take care of ourselves.  What do you mean, absorbed?  We're not going anywhere.  I said we're not going anywhere.  Evidently they're not prepared to deal with out right Everything we've seen here so far seems to indicate some sort of Your analysis seems logical.  Why did you kill that man?  You tell Landru that we'll come in our own time and that we'll Fascinating. This is merely a hollow tube, Captain. No Where to?  Quite a festival they had.  What do you make of all this?  Totally illogical. Yesterday, without apparent cause or reason, Now they're back to normal.  What is it?  Telepathy, Captain.  Phasers on stun. Which way, Reger?  We'll handle Landru, Just get us out of this.  I don't want to hurt them. Warn them back.  Phasers on stun, wide field. Fire.  Fire.  Security.  Captain.  Lieutenant O'Neil. He's one of our men.  Bring him along.  We still don't know what's happened to the Archons. Which way? Put him over there.  A lighting panel.  Amazing in this culture.  Before Landru? How long ago was that?  It took a very advanced technology to construct a device like But not inconsistent with what we've seen. Security.  Those staffs. Hollow tubes. Antennae for some sort of broadcast Strong power generations, Captain. Near here, but radiating in He'll be coming around soon, Captain.  Absorbed?  What others?  An underground? How are you organised?  Who?  Give me a decision, Captain. He's coming out of it.  Give him a shot. Keep him asleep. Reger, I want some answers. The Archons. Tell me about them.  Pulled them down from the skies? A starship? Mister Spock, those Powerful enough to destroy a starship? Affirmative.  Kirk to Enterprise, come in.  Captain, we're under attack. There are heat  Status report.  Our shields are holding, but they're taking all our power.   If we try to warp out or move on Orbit condition.  Checking. We're going down, Captain. Unless Keep your shield up. Do everything you can to  Impossible to break away. I've tried the emergency bypass Captain.  What is it?  Sensor beams, very strong. We're being probed. In this Block them out.  Too strong, Captain. Can't be blocked.  Projection, Captain. Unreal.  But beautiful, Mister Spock, with no apparatus at this end.  You are holding my ship. I demand that you release it.  We mean you no harm. Ours is a mission of peace and good will.  He doesn't hear you, Captain.  Put that away. Landru, listen to me.  Mister Spock. Wake up. Mister Lesley.  Where's Doctor McCoy?  He was gone when I woke up, along with the other guard and Mister I should say they've been here and been removed.  Where is here?  Evidently a maximum security establishment. Are you armed?  No. All our phasers are gone. I checked. That's locked.  The natural result of being subjected to a hypersonic.  Sound waves. Stronger, they might have killed us. As it was, Enough analysis. Let's think of a way to get out of here. What We shouldn't depend on that happening again, Captain. In a Are you suggesting the Lawgivers are mere computers, that they Quite human, Captain. It's simply that all the facts are not yet Doc. How?  Hello, friend. We were told to wait here.  Doc!  Can I help you, friend?  Don't you know me?  We all know one another and Landru.  Like Sulu.  Think, man. The Enterprise. The ship. Remember?  You speak very strangely, friend. Are you from away?  You do remember!  Ask Landru. He remembers. He knows and he watches. You are No.  You've been corrected, Captain. You'd better go.  All right. Work on Bones. See if you can't  Doctor McCoy, what will happen to him?  He goes to joy, peace, and tranquillity. He goes to meet Landru. Impossible. He's under extremely powerful control.  Little else we can do, unless you can think of a way to get And apparently commanding powers far beyond our comprehension. Joy to you, friend. Peace and contentment will fill you. You will What about the Captain?  We are not Archons, Marplon.  Where is Reger?  Who is Landru?  Joy be with you. Peace and contentment.  Captain.  Peace and tranquillity to you. (in a whisper) Are you all right?  Quite all right. Be careful of Doctor McCoy.  I understand. Landru.  I am formulating a theory, Captain.  And?  Not here. The doctor.  You speak in strange whispers. This is not the way of Landru.  Joy be yours, and tranquillity, my friend.  And peace and harmony. Are you of the Body?  The Body is one.  Blessed be the Body, and health to all of its parts.  My friends. (guiding Red and Spock away to a quiet corner) What This is a soulless society, Captain. It has no spirit, no spark. And when something unexplained happens, their routine is Until new orders are received. The question is, who gives those Landru.  There is no Landru, Captain, not in the human sense.  You're thinking the same thing I am. Mister Spock, the plug must Sir?  Landru must die.  Captain, our Prime Directive of non-interference.  That refers to a living, growing culture. Do you think this one Joy to you all, friends.  What we need is more information about Landru. (Reger shakes his Never mind what the prophecy says. If you want to be liberated Captain.  You're not of the Body!  Peace  You're not!  to you, friend. Joy and tranquillity.  Lawgivers!  Lawgivers! (trying to strangle Kirk) Traitor! Traitors! Doc, I don't want to hurt you.  Traitors!  Spock.  Isn't that somewhat old-fashioned? Robes.  Where is Landru?  Where do we find him?  In this building?  You're going to take us there. (the two men are terrified at the Snap out of it! Start acting like men.  Spock to Enterprise. status report.  Mister Spock, I've been trying to reach you. Report, Scott.  The orbit's still decaying. I give it six  Those heat beams are still on us. Scotty, stand by. We're doing the best we can. How's Mister Sulu?  He's peaceful enough, but he worries me.  Put a guard on him.  On Sulu?  That's an order. Watch him. Captain out.  Captain. (gives him a phaser)  All right. About Landru.  What happened to him?  You said you wanted freedom. It's time you learned that freedom It's too late for that.  All right, it's up to you. Take us to Landru.  Open it.  Open it.  Landru! Landru. We are the Archons. We are the Archons. We've We have no intention of causing harm.  We do not intend to die.  Listen to me.  Useless, Captain. A projection.  Yes, Mister Spock. Let's have a look at the projector.  Of course. It had to be. Landru.  A machine. This whole society is a machine's concept of But no soul.  Pull out its plug, Mister Spock.  Landru died six thousand years ago.  But not his wisdom. He may have programmed you, but he could not The good of the Body, Captain. That's the key.  Yes. What is the good?  Landru is dead. You are a machine. A question has been put to Then I put it to you that you have disobeyed the Prime Directive. The body is dying. You are destroying it.  What have you done to do justice to the full potential of every Without freedom of choice, there is no creativity. Without Are you aiding the body, or are you destroying it?  Not necessary, Captain. They have no guidance. Possibly for the Landru, answer the question.  Then the body dies. Creativity is necessary for the health of What's left of him, after he built and programmed this machine You must create the good. That is the will of Landru, nothing Then the evil must be destroyed. That is the Prime Directive. And You are the evil. The evil must be destroyed. Fulfill the Prime You  are the evil. Fulfill the Prime Directive.  Well, Marplon, you're on your own now. I hope you're up to it. Captain, are you all right?  What about the ship?  The heat rays are gone, Captain, and Mister Relieving you.  Excellent, Scotty. Stand by to beam up Marvellous.  What?  The late Landru, Captain. A marvellous feat of engineering. A But only a machine, Mister Spock. The original Landru programmed Predictably metaphysical. I prefer the concrete, the graspable, You'd make a splendid computer, Mister Spock.  That is very kind of you, Captain.  Captain, Mister Lindstrom from the surface.  Yes, Lindstrom.  How's it going?  Sounds most promising. Good luck.  How often mankind has wished for a world as peaceful and secure Yes. And we never got it. Just lucky, I guess.   Nothing yet, Lieutenant?  Nothing, Captain. Hailing frequencies are open.  Nothing yet, Ambassador. We're awaiting a reply. Today's the Captain, message coming in from Eminiar Seven. Sir, it's code Are you sure?  Positive. It repeats over and over.  Code seven-ten means under no circumstances are we to approach Mister Fox, it is their planet.  By disregarding code seven-ten, you might well involve us in an You are. I'm thinking about this ship, my crew.  In view of code seven-ten, Captain, may I suggest  Yes, Mister Spock. This is the Captain. Condition Yellow Alert. We know very little about them. Their Anything else?  The Earth expedition making the report failed to return from its Not alone. I'm taking some security people with me.  I can't risk beaming you down there until I know what kind of Transporter room standing by, Captain.  What co-ordinates?  We've selected a site which from the traffic seems to be near an Final sensor readings?  No hostility directed toward us. No apparent notice taken of us Ship's defences?  Screens down, but all defensive details on general alert status, Good. Landing party will pick up phaser number one's from the Yes, sir.  The ship is yours. Take care of her until I come back.  Aye, aye, sir. And have a bonny trip.  We'll do our best. Let's go.  I'm Captain James T. Kirk of the starship Enterprise, Yes?  I had orders to come here. Why did your people tell us to stay I see no danger here.  I'm Captain Kirk. This is my first officer, Mister Spock, My mission is to establish diplomatic relations between your Would you mind telling me why?  You're still at war?  You conceal it very well. Mister Spock?  Sir, we have completely scanned your planet. We find it highly With whom are you at war?  Strange.  To say the least.  Don't you take shelter?  Are these attacks frequent?  What is it?  Do you hear any explosions, Mister Spock?  None, Captain. Yeoman Tamula.  Tricorder readings. Radiation. Disturbances of any kind.  Mea, if this is an attack, may I ask what weapons the enemy is Kirk to Bridge. Scotty?   Scott here, Captain.  Scanners operative on the planet's surface?   Of course, sir. As per orders.  Anything unusual?   Nothing, sir. All quiet.  Thank you. Kirk out.  Sir, I have been in contact with my ship, which has had this Computers, Captain. They fight their war with computers. Computer don't kill a half million people.  To report?  Then the attack by Vendikar was theoretical.  You mean to tell me your people just walk into a disintegration There is a certain scientific logic about it.  I do not approve. I understand.  What has happened?  We require a great deal. I wish to speak to Anan Seven.  He'll have more casualty lists than he knows what to do with if Your duty doesn't include stepping into a disintegrator and Is that all it means to you? To report and die?  Then how can you stand  No, I don't see that at all.  Yes. Anan Seven.  I tell you, we should have heard something Aye, Doctor, that we should, but we haven't, and we cannot raise We can't just sit here.  What would you suggest?  Me? I'm a doctor. If I were an officer of the line, I'd Would you have me open fire?  Of course not.  Mister Scott, message coming in from the Captain.  Scott here, Captain.  Good news, Mister Scott. The Eminians have agreed to the Mister Fox'll be glad to hear about that.  They've also extended an invitation to all personnel to come Er, Captain?   All personnel?  Aye, aye, Captain. We'll start forming shore I don't know.  Well, I do. Computer, last message received and recorded from In place.  Run it through analyser. Question. Is it or is it not the Negative. A close copy.  A voice duplicator?  Ninety eight percent probability.  Well, they've got them, Doctor, and now they're trying to get Are you sure you can do it, Mister Spock?  Limited telepathic abilities are inherent in Vulcanians, Do your best.  Thank you, Mister Spock.  My pleasure, Captain.  We get our communicators back and try and contact the ship. I understand.  We'll try to take it easy, but if we're forced to kill  An entrance, Captain, but no exit. They go in, but they do not A disintegration machine.  So I would assume.  Mea. What do you think you're doing?  You're not going in there.  No you're not.  Mister Spock, that guard. I'll cover you.  Sir, there's a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.  All right, you people, clear out of the way.  Throwing a monkey wrench into the machinery.  I've done it. (The booth finally blows up.) Come on, let's get Yes, Mister DePaul?  Well, now. They're taking pot shots at us. Holding, Mister Well, I guess that answers our questions, Mister Scott. They're Aye, but what about our Captain and the landing party down there We get them out.  If they're alive, and if we can find them. That's a big planet.  Not too big for the Enterprise to handle if it has to.  We can't fire full phasers with our screens up, and We can't Mister Fox, we're under attack. They're trying to knock us down. Of course, but  They're holding our Captain.  I'm responsible for the safety of this ship.  But they're the ones who're looking for a fight, Mister Fox.  Diplomats. The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser The last place they'll look for us is the place we escaped from. Are you that anxious to die?  Mister Spock, how did that little raid work out?  We captured four of their disrupter-type weapons, two complete Will it reach the ship?  Not at this time. Its range is restricted in comparison with Work on it. We've got to contact the ship. Mea, I want you to Now listen to me. I'm trying to help you. To save your life and We're going to try and stop the killing. We're trying to help. Tell me what I want to know. Please.  A channel is open, Mister Ambassador. You Maintain status, Mister DePaul.  No, sir, I will not.  I'll not lower the screens, not until the Captain tells me to.  I know about your authority, but the screens stay up.  Mister Fox, they faked a message from the Captain, they've No, sir. I won't lower the screens.  That you can, sir, but I won't lower the screens.  Well, Scotty, now you've done it.  Aye. The haggis is in the fire for sure, but I'll not lower my I didn't come to drink.  A very efficient weapon. I'm not afraid of using it.  I am?  We're less cold-blooded about it than you are.  I want to contact my ship. Where are my communicators?  You take a lot of chances, Councilman.  If I were you, I'd think about saving my life.  I'm not interested in discussing our differences. You don't seem I don't need the ship for that.  That's exactly what I mean.  You seem to think I'm joking. Where are the communicators?  Something like that.  Spock to Enterprise, come in.  Mister Scott, it's Mister Spock.  Scotty here, Mister Spock. Go ahead.  Is the ship all right?   We've been through a bit, but we're all right now. How The Captain is overdue. We've suffered no casualties among us. That ties it. That popinjay Fox went down a The Ambassador?  I knew it had a rotten ring to it.  Orbit out to maximum phaser range and stand Find the Ambassador and the Captain. Yeoman Tamula, you stay Please, Mister Fox. Ladies and gentlemen, please move quickly Practicing a peculiar variety of diplomacy, sir.  I'll take you to a place of comparative safety, then I must find By now, Mister Ambassador, I'm sure you realise that normal Very well, sir. We need all the help we can get.  My people are not responsible for your agreements.  That seems to frighten you.  Yes. You're quite right.  I'm a barbarian. You said it yourself.  Oh, no. You were quite accurate. I plan to prove it to you. ANAN  This is the USS Enterprise.  Scotty, General Order Twenty Four. Two hours! In two hours!  All that it means is that I won't be around for the destruction. I didn't start it, Councilman, but I'm liable to finish it.  You're wrong. It hasn't begun.  You have less than two hours, Councilman.  Stop it? I'm counting on it.  Open a channel, Lieutenant. This is the  All cities and installations on Eminiar The entire inhabited surface of your planet You have that long to surrender your Hold it! Over there. You, over there. Move, move, move.  Now we'll talk.  I had assumed you needed help. I see I'm in error.  No. I need the help. In there, Mister Spock.  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in, Scotty.   Aye, Captain, are you all right?  Everything's secure here. Maintain position. If everything goes  Aye, aye, Captain. Is there anything else we can do?  Cross your fingers. Kirk out. Death, destruction, disease, Would you mind taking these people out into the corridor and (to Sar) You. Come with me. Mister Osborne.  Our communicators, weapons.  All right, Mister Spock.  These are the attack computers, Yes, go on.  At the moment contact is broken, it abrogates the agreement This one's the key. The circuit is now locked. Destroy this one, Good. Get him out of here.  Let's go.  Against the wall!  Yes, I do. I've given you back the horrors of war. The Vendikans All right. It's instinctive. But the instinct can be fought. There's a chance it may work, Captain.  Kirk to Enterprise. Scotty?   Scott here, Captain.  Cancel implementation of General Order Twenty Four. Alert Lay in a course for Argona Two, Navigator. Space details set, Captain.  Message from Eminiar Seven, Captain. Ambassador Fox reports Good.  Captain, you took a big chance.  Did I, Mister Spock? They've been killing three million people a But you didn't know that it would work.  No. It was a calculated risk. Still, the Eminians keep a very A feeling is not much to go on.  Sometimes a feeling, Mister Spock, is all we humans have to go Captain, you almost make me believe in luck.  Why, Mister Spock, you almost make me believe in miracles.  Are you certain of your sensor readings?  Definitely a space vessel of some type.  Origin?  Unknown. It could hardly be an Earth ship. There have been no I'm picking up a signal, sir. (a series of beeps comes over the Thank you.  CQ. CQ.  We're reading it, Lieutenant. I thought you said it couldn't I fail to understand why it always gives you pleasure to see me An emotional Earth weakness of mine. There it is.  An old Earth vessel, similar to the DY=500 class.  Much older. DY-100 class, to be exact. Captain, the last such Then it's a derelict, its signal left on automatic.  Or an old Earth ship being used by aliens.  Weapons status.  Bioscanners report.   Life science bioscanners are picking up heart beats from Sensor reading, Captain. Some sort of equipment functioning on All decks go to full alert.  Weapons department, maintain battle stations. All decks acknowledging, sir.  We're continuing to pick up some form of heart action over Alien bodies, Bones?  Could be. There's no sign of breathing or other form of Hull surface is pitted with meteor scars. However, scanners make Then you can check the registry.  No such vessel listed. Records of that period are fragmentary, The Eugenics Wars.  Of course. Your attempt to improve the race through selective Now, wait a minute. Not our attempt, Mister Spock. A group of All right, all right, gentlemen. As you were. Rig for tractor The Bridge is yours, Mister Spock. Care to join the landing Well, if you're actually giving me a choice  I'm not. Oh, I'll need somebody familiar with the late Lieutenant McGivers.   Attention. The following personnel report to transporter Well, it looks like that ship was expecting Very interesting. You ready, Bones? No. I signed aboard this ship to practice medicine, not to have You're an old-fashioned boy, McCoy. Where's that historian? Energise. compartments, seemingly asleep.)  Scotty?  Definitely Earth-type mechanism, sir. Twentieth century vessel. Suspended animation.  Is it possible they're still alive after centuries of travel?  It's theoretically possible. I've never heard of it being tested Jim, I have a new reading. The lights must have triggered some Scotty?  Beats me what's happening.  We've triggered something, all right. His heart beat's This one was probably programmed to be triggered first.  Could he be the leader? The leader. Lieutenant?  Heart beat now approaching forty per minute. The respiration Heart beat now fifty two and increasing.  The others?  There's no change, and they're mixed types. Western, Maybe. Heart beat dropping.  Circuit shorting.  Probably some dust.  Heartbeat now thirty, dropping fast. It's a heart flutter. He's Can we?  It'd take an hour to figure it out.  What happens if we get him out of there?  He'll die in seconds if we don't.  How long have you been sleeping? Two centuries we estimate. Go ahead, boarding party. We read you.  Lock in on McCoy's beam. He's transporting back with a casualty Kirk to boarding party.   Scott here.  Scotty, any records, log books of any kind?  Negative, Captain. It appears they were in How many alive?   Twelve units have malfunctioned, leaving seventy two still Kirk out. Seventy two alive. A group of people dating back to the A strange, violent period in your history. I find no record what Botany Bay. That was the name of a penal colony on shores of If you're suggesting this was a penal deportation vessel, you've Oh?  Your Earth was on the verge of a dark ages. Whole populations Yes. So much for my theory. I'm still waiting to hear yours.  Even a theory requires some facts, Captain. So far I have none.  And that irritates you, Mister Spock.  Irritation?  Yeah.  I am not capable of that emotion.  My apologies, Mister Spock. You suspect some danger in them?  Insufficient facts always invites danger, Captain.  Well, we'd better get some facts. Rig for towing.  Make course for Starbase Twelve.  Aye, sir.  (to nurse) That'll be all. (she leaves)  Bones?  He'll live.  My compliments.  No, I'm good, but not that good. There's something inside this An improved breed of human. That's what the Eugenics War was all I'd estimate he could lift us both with one arm. It will be It appears he will, Lieutenant. (leaves)  I'd like to talk to you.  If I were to rate your performance as a member of the landing Lieutenant, at any one time, the safety of this entire vessel And men were more adventuresome then. Bolder, more colourful.  Good. If I can have honesty, it's easier to overlook mistakes. A pity you wasted your life on command, Jim. You'd have made a Fair? (leaves)  Sickbay to lab. Anything new on those bios?  Good. McCoy out.  Well, either choke me or cut my throat. Make up your mind.  You're in (a squeeze makes him lower his voice) You're in bed, It would be most effective if you would cut the carotid artery, I was simply trying to avoid an argument. (takes the scalpel) That is correct.   Bridge.  I have a patient here with many questions, Captain.   On my way.  James Kirk, commanding the starship Enterprise.  And your name?  Our heading is Starbase Twelve, a planet in the Gamma 400 star Seventy two of your life-support canisters are still functioning. As soon as we reach Starbase Twelve.  And now  Khan. Nothing else?  What was the exact date of your lift off? We know it was sometime The facts I need, Mister Khan, will take very little time. For Jim. A little later might be better.  Yes, I understand. You have two hundred years of catching up to They're available to any patient on the viewing screen. Doctor This Khan is not what I expected of a I note he's making considerable use of our technical library.  Common courtesy, Mister Spock. He'll spend the rest of his days There is that possibility, Captain. His age would be correct. In Well, they were hardly supermen. They were aggressive, arrogant. Because the scientists overlooked one fact. Superior ability Interesting, if true. They created a group of Alexanders, I have collected some names and made some counts. By my That fact isn't in the history texts.  Would you reveal to war-weary populations that some eighty Very impressive. Are we expecting a fleet admiral for dinner?  Lieutenant McGivers' idea to welcome Khan to our century. Just Well, there aren't any regulations against romance, Jim.  My curiosity's official, not personal, Bones.  Well, he has a magnetism. Almost electric. You felt it. And it Forgive my curiosity, Mister Khan, but my officers are anxious to And how you managed to keep it out of the history books.  There was the war to end tyranny. Many considered that a noble Unify, sir? Like a team of animals under one whip?  Under dozens of petty dictatorships.  Then your sympathies were with  You have a tendency to express ideas in military terms, Mister You fled. Why? Were you afraid?  But you left at the very time mankind needed courage.  We?  Name, Khan, as we know him today. (Spock changes the picture) From 1992 through 1996, absolute ruler of more than a quarter of The last of the tyrants to be overthrown.  I must confess, gentlemen. I've always held a sneaking He was the best of the tyrants and the most dangerous. They were Gentlemen, this romanticism about a ruthless dictator is  Mister Spock, we humans have a streak of barbarism in us. There were no massacres under his rule.  And as little freedom.  No wars until he was attacked.  Gentlemen.  Mister Spock, you misunderstand us. We can be against him and Illogical.  Totally. This is the Captain. Put a twenty four hour security on Unusual treatment for Khan Noonien Singh.  I'd like those answers now. First, the purpose of your star Why? Because I'm not a product of controlled genetics?  Thank you. They've all been answered.  Maintain. (he answers the intercom) Bridge.  Sound security alert.  Security alert, Captain. Communication channels are down, Turbo elevators inoperative. Jammed, Captain.  Atmospheric controls cut off.  Useless. They're on override in Engineering.  Engineering. Scotty. This is the Bridge.  Captain!  What's going on down there?  Flood all decks with neural gas.  Impossible. Intruder control systems inoperative. Mister Khan Contact Starbase Twelve.  All channels are totally jammed, Captain.  Brilliant. Every contingency anticipated.  Negative.  Where is Captain Kirk?  To be conquered by you. A starship would make that most simple, Surprised to see you, Captain, though pleased.  I'm a little pleased myself. Situation?  Khan is holding our staff in the briefing room. His men have Our only chance is the intruder control circuit. Although he's There's a relay junction down the corridor.  Gas all decks but this one.   Where's Khan?  I don't know. He got out just as the gas  Kirk here.   Anesthesia gas in all sections except Engineering. Someone  Captain, acknowledge. Unable to flood Engineering section.  This is Scott. Captain's headed for the Engineering  Negative. We must retake the vessel while the anesthesia Record tapes engaged and ready, Captain.  This hearing is now in session. Under the authority vested in me Jim. Agreed you have the authority  Mister Spock, our heading takes us near the Ceti Alpha star Quite correct, Captain. Planet number five there is habitable, But no more than Australia's Botany Bay colony was at the Yes. I understand. Lieutenant Marla McGivers. Given a choice of This hearing is closed.  It's a shame for a good Scotsman to admit it, but I'm not up on The statement Lucifer made when he fell into the pit. 'It is It would be interesting, Captain, to return to that world in a Yes, Mister Spock, it would indeed.   Standard orbit, Mister Painter.  Captain.  Yes, Lieutenant.  I've been transmitting a contact signal every five minutes. All Maintain transmission pattern until we've established orbit.  Aye, aye, sir.  Mister Spock, there were one hundred and fifty men, women, and Absolutely none, Captain. Berthold rays are such a recent Are you saying that those people built a future in a place I am saying they knew there was a risk.  And what about us? Can we afford to send people to the planet's The breakdown of tissue does not develop immediately. We can Thank you, Mister Painter. Mister Spock, equip a landing party of Another dream that failed. There's nothing sadder. It took these Actually, Mister Sandoval, we didn't come here because of your On pure speculation, just an educated guess, I'd say that man is Captain, this planet is being bombarded by Berthold rays, as our But these people shouldn't be alive.  Is it possible that they're not?  You shook hands with him, Jim. His flesh was warm. He's alive. There's also no question of the fact that Berthold rays are Gentlemen, we're debating in a vacuum. Let's go get some answers. What was the reason for the dispersal?  Mister Sandoval, we do have a mission here. Examinations, tests.  We'll try not to interfere with your work.  Whatever doesn't look right, whatever that is. When it comes to What is it?  Come to think of it, we haven't seen any animals. No horses, no That'll be all. Thank you very much.  Anything?  I've examined nine men so far, varying in ages from twenty three Kirk here.  Spock here, Captain. There seems to be a  Sulu had the same observation. Any explanations?  Not at the moment, sir. I am conducting various tests with the Very well. Continue investigations. Kirk out. No animals. That's peculiar.  Yes, especially in view of the fact that the records for this I'd like to see the medical records on the expedition.  Yes, I thought you might.  I'm afraid I'll have to bow out. I have to continue with these He promised to throw away his shingle.  Go ahead, Lieutenant.  Make your point.  It's like a jigsaw puzzle all one colour. No key to where the Kirk here.  This is McCoy, Jim. I think you'd better get back here.  Trouble?  No, but I'd like you to see this for yourself.  On my way.  Sandoval's medical record, four years ago What's so strange about that?  Nothing, but I examined that man no more than two hours ago. You Instrument malfunction?  No. I thought of that and tested it on myself. It accurately Nothing. Not even insects. Yet your plants grow, and you've Please do.  I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct I would like to know how your people have managed to survive Logically, you should all be dead.  Emotions are alien to me. I'm a scientist.  Mister Sandoval, within the hour I've It's not an arbitrary decision on my part. I have my orders.  We've explained the Berthold rays to you and their effect. Can't What about your animals?  That doesn't answer my question, sir. Why did all your animals You've not yet explained the nature of this thing.  What you're describing was once known in the vernacular as a Spores?  No.  No, I can't. Please, don't!  I am not like you.  I love you. I can love you.  Sandoval.  You're being unreasonable.  Excuse me. My orders are to remove all the colonists. That's Would you like to use a butterfly net on him, Captain?  No, I think we'll use a  Captain, we've checked out everything. It all seems normal, We have orders to evacuate all colonists to Starbase Twenty We haven't seen them since we began our check.  DeSalle said he was going to examine some native plants he No, he didn't. (gets out communicator) Spock? See to the landing Yes, sir.  Spock?  That one looks like a dragon. You see the tail and the dorsal I have. On Berengaria Seven. But I've never stopped to look at  Spock!  Yes, what did you want?  Spock, is that you?  Yes, Captain. What did you want?   Where are you?  I don't believe I want to tell you.  Spock, I don't know what you think you're No, I don't think so.  You don't think so, what?  I don't think so, sir.  Spock, report to me immediately.   Spock? Acknowledge.  Spock. The frequency is open, but he doesn't That didn't sound at all like Spock, Jim.  No. I thought you said you might like him if he mellowed a I didn't say that.  You said that.  Not exactly. He might be in trouble.  Yes, take over the landing party detail and start getting those How will you find Spock?  The frequency is open. It'll act as a homing device. Contact Spock. (clears throat) Mister Spock.  What are you doing with those things, DeSalle?  Mister Spock. Are you out of your mind? You I didn't want to, Jim.  You? Yes, I can see that. Miss Kalomi, you'll have to come back There'll be no evacuation, Jim, but perhaps we should go back Mister Sulu, Mister Spock is under arrest, and he's in your Very well. Come with me.  What's?  Mister Sulu understands, don't you, Mister Sulu?  Yes, I see now. Of course we can't remove the colony. It'd be I don't know what these plants are or how they work, but you're I can see the Captain is going to be difficult.  (with an extreme southern drawl) Ready to beam up. Hiya, Jimmy How many of those did you beam up?  Oh, must be nigh onto a hundred by now.  This is the Captain. Beam me up.  I most certainly do. Energise.  Lieutenant, put me through to Admiral Komack Oh, I'm sorry, Captain. I can't do that.  What do you mean, you can't do that. Follow standard procedure. Oh, I know it is, Captain, but you see, all communications are Out?  I short-circuited them, except ship to surface. We'll need that Get back to your stations. Get back to your stations.  I said get back to your station.  This is mutiny, mister.  I'm not interested in any I've heard that word a lot lately. Perfect.  Yeah. That's right. That's just what it is.  I'll bet you've even grown your tonsils back.  Sho'nuf. Hey, Jim boy, y'all ever have a Look, Bones, I need your help. Can you run Who wants to counteract paradise, Jim boy?   McCoy out.  Bones. Bones.  Almost the entire ship's complement has beamed down.  Where's McCoy?  He went off to create something called a mint julep. That's a In your own private paradise.  Where did they originate?  It's impossible to say. They drifted through space until they That's paradise?  It's a true Eden, Jim. There's belonging and love.  No wants. No needs. We weren't meant for that. None of us. Man Except a challenge.  You don't understand, Jim, but you'll come around sooner or I'm going back to the ship.  Engineering? Scotty? Biochemistry lab? Security? Is there anyone Captain's log, stardate 3417.7. Except for myself, all crew Enterprise to Mister Spock.  Yes, Jim. What is it now?  I've joined you. I understand now.  Wonderful, Jim. When will you beam down?  There are some things in my quarters I want Good. Leila and I will meet you at the beam  Kirk out.  No. No! I can't leave! (he's very relieved) Emotions. Violent  Enterprise to Mister Spock.  Spock here.   It's Jim.  What's keeping you, Jim? We've been waiting.  I've been packing some things, and I realise  You know we can't come back on board Do you want me to beam up a party?  No, I think you and I can handle it. Why Just a moment. It won't take long. Do you Ready to beam up, Jim.  (with a large metal bar in his hand) All right, you mutinous, disloyal, computerised, half-breed, The term half-breed is somewhat applicable, but computerised is What makes you think you're a man? You're an overgrown Jim, I don't understand.  Of course you don't understand. You don't have the brains to Captain, if you'll excuse me.  What can you expect from a simpering, devil-eared freak whose My mother was a teacher. My father an ambassador.  Your father was a computer, like his son. An ambassador from a Captain, please don't  You're a traitor from a race of traitors. Disloyal to the core, That's enough.  Does she know what she's getting, Spock? A carcass full of memory Had enough? I didn't realise what it took to get under that thick You did that to me deliberately.  Believe me, Mister Spock, it was painful in more ways than one.  The spores. They're gone. I don't belong anymore.  You said they were benevolent and peaceful. Violent emotions That may be correct, Captain, but trying to initiate a brawl I had something else in mind. Can you put together a subsonic It can be done.  Good. Let's get to work.  Captain. Striking a fellow officer is a court martial offence.  Well, if we're both in the Brig, who's going to build the That is quite logical, Captain.  Well now, it's a little early to be counting Well, now, I think I can fix that for you. Enterprise?  Enterprise. Spock here.  Yes. Yes. I'm quite well.  Are you still at the beam down point, and is the doctor there?  Give your communicator back to Doctor McCoy. Mister Spock, Miss Kalomi is strictly your concern, but should I'll be back shortly, Captain.  It was necessary.  I can't.  I have a responsibility to this ship, to that man on the Bridge. The Captain discovered that strong emotions and needs destroy the (wiping away her tears) You couldn't pronounce it.  They'll not hear this, of course. It'll be As though somebody had put itching powder on their skin.  Precisely. It should begin to work on their nerves in a few Sorry, DeSalle.  I said I was sorry.  If you hadn't gotten in my way  What do you mean, what sort of work? I'm a doctor.  Oh, no? Would you like to see how fast I can put you in a Just a minute. You'd better make me a mechanic. Then I can treat You can't stay here. You can't survive without the spores. After Enterprise.  Enterprise. Spock here.  This is McCoy. Sandoval would like to talk Just a moment. They're all beginning to call Put him on the speaker. Kirk here.  Start making preparations, Mister Sandoval. Well, Jim, I've just examined the last of the colonists, and Good.  Well, that's the second time man's been thrown out of paradise.  No, no, Bones. This time we walked out on our own. Maybe wesound of drums.  Poetry, Captain. Non-regulation.  We haven't heard much from you about Omicron Ceti Three, Mister I have little to say about it, Captain, except that for the All right, let's assume there is a monster. Yes, we're aware of that. If mining conditions weren't so I'm sure there is an answer. It simply has not yet been Volcanic activity?  There is no current volcanic activity on this planet, Captain.  Same way? Burned?  I'd like to examine the body.  Do you post sentries? Guards?  Who else has seen this?  Describe it.  Oh. You mean shot at it.  Fascinating.  That's why we're here, Mister Vanderberg.  I don't think we'll need to, Mister Appel. Mister Vanderberg, (examining a large globe from Vanderberg's desk) Mister But a geological oddity, to say the least. Pure silicon?  Thank you, Mister Vanderberg. We'll need your complete The vast number of tunnels won't make our hunting any easier. Schmitter didn't burn to death, not in the usual sense, anyway.  Explain.  Well, there are only fragments of bone and teeth left, but the Strong enough to eat machinery?  Strong enough to eat anything else that you can think of.  (at the mine map) I've charted the positions of the deaths and Mister Vanderberg, how recent are these charts?  Before the appearance of whatever it is?  I see. Mister Spock give us a report on life beneath the surface. We can't cover tunnel by tunnel on foot. We must get production If we could force another appearance of this creature  Too many tunnels. We couldn't possibly. Mister Spock, our sensors I wouldn't touch it, Captain. An extremely active corrosive. The same indication as shown at the door, Captain. A very strong Is there a replacement for that?  Spock, on board?  Nothing for a device this antiquated, Captain.  Mister Spock, we seem to have been given a choice. Death by A PXK pergium reactor? No, sir. We don't Can you rig one up? It's vital.  Well sir, I can put together some odds and How long?   Forty eight hours maybe, with a bit of luck.  Forty eight hours is better than nothing. Gather what you need  Top priority.  Aye, Captain.   I'll be right down. Scott out.  Hopefully we'll have found the missing part by then.  We'll have to, Chief. The alternative is to evacuate all you The missing pump wasn't taken by accident. Do you think the creature is trying to push the colonists off the It would seem so.  But why now, Mister Spock? These production facilities have been I don't know. But there is a possibility.  What's that?  Life as we know it is universally based on some combination of You're creating fantasies, Mister Spock.  Not necessarily, Bones. I've heard of the theoretical possibility Certainly not phaser one, which is far less powerful than phaser All right, how about this? A creature that lives deep in the It could explain much, especially since the colonists are armed But our people have phaser number two.  Which I could adjust to be more effective against silicon.  Silicon-based life is physiologically impossible, especially in It may be, Doctor, that the creature can exist for brief periods I still think you're imagining things.  You may be right, Doctor, but at least it's something to go on. Yes, Captain. You recall that Vanderberg commented there were Do they tie in?  I don't know.  Speculate.  I have already given Doctor McCoy sufficient cause for A short time, Mister Spock. We have very little.  How's it going, Scotty?  Well sir, it's a plumber's nightmare, but it'll hold for a bit.  It has to hold longer than a bit.  Sorry, sir. That's about the best I can do, but I guarantee it's (answers comm. beep) Kirk here.   Captain, the security officers have gathered in Chief I'll be right there. Kirk out. Scotty, ride herd on it. Kind I'll do what I can, sir.  You will proceed from level to level, checking out every foot, The creature may or may not attack on sight. However, you must. Mister Vanderberg, may I ask at which level you discovered the It's one of the possibilities we've discussed. (to Vanderberg) I Well, gentlemen, you have your instructions. Let's get at it.  Mister Spock? Find something?  Adjusting my tricorder to register for silicon, Captain. Traces?  A life form, Captain. Bearing one hundred eleven degrees, One of our people?  No, sir. Silicon.  Come on.  He never even had a chance to fire, Captain.  It's only been seconds since we heard him scream. The creature Captain.  What is it?  This tunnel. My readings indicate it was made within the hour. Are you certain?  Positive.  This tunnel goes back as far as the eye can see. Our best Indeed, Captain. I'm quite at a loss.  Gone.  Disappeared. Astonishing that anything of that bulk could move These walls are hot.  Indeed. This tunnel was cut within the last two minutes.  Yes, perfectly.  Yes, we saw it. Where does the tunnel go?  Readings indicate a maze of tunnels of this general category in Yes. We took a bite out of it.  It's not animal tissue. What is it?  The closest approximation I could come to would be fibrous Then your guess was right.  It would seem so. Silicon-based.  Summation.  We are dealing with a silicon creature of the deep rocks, That would account for the tunnels.  Correct. This creature's body secretes an extremely powerful Powerful enough to dissolve the door of the reactor chamber.  And it explains the murdered men.  It's definitely phaser resistant. We had our weapons set for No. No, it might require amassed phasers.  Or a single phaser with much longer contact.  Commander, pass this on to your men We knew it was a killer. Now What is it, Mister Spock?  I've run a complete spherical check on all life forms, radius One creature in a hundred miles?  Exactly. Captain, there are literally thousands of these tunnels Then we're dealing with more than one creature, despite your Or it is the last of a race of creatures which made these Mister Spock, our mission is to protect this colony, to get the I see no alternative myself, Captain. It merely seems a pity. Good.  So it is wounded, and therefore twice as dangerous. Stay in Gentlemen, if you'll examine your charts, please. I last located Your orders are shoot to kill. Protect yourself at all times. Mister Spock. Capture it? I don't recall giving any such order.  You did not, sir. I merely thought that if the opportunity arose I will lose no more men. The creature will be killed on sight and Very well, sir.  Mister Spock. I want you to assist Scotty in maintaining that II beg your pardon, sir?  You heard me. It's vital that we keep that reactor in operation. Is not needed there, sir. Mister Scott has far more knowledge of Mister Spock, you are second in command. This will be a dangerous Captain, there are approximately one hundred of us engaged in 2,228.7 to 1? Those are pretty good odds, Mister Spock.  And they are of course accurate, Captain.  Of course. Well, I hate to use the word, but logically, with That is always my intention, Captain.  Kirk here.   Scotty here, Captain. My brilliant improvisation Just gave Can you fix it again?  Negative, Captain. It's gone for good.  Start immediate evacuation of all colonists We haven't enough phasers for you.  Good. Get everybody else aboard the The reactor will go super-critical in about We'll do our best. Start feeding us constant Team up with the Enterprise security personnel. They're better Mister Spock?  Captain, we are being watched.  Are you sure? Intuition?  No, sir. We're being watched.  Captain. Fresh readings within the hour in each of these The chart says both of these tunnels converge a few thousand Should we separate?  Two tunnels, two of us. We separate.  Mister Spock.  Yes, Captain.  I've found a whole layer of these silicon  Indeed? I find that most illuminating, Captain.  Be absolutely certain you do not damage any Explain.   Only a theory I have.  Captain? Are you all right? Jim? Jim!  Yes, Mister Spock, I'm all right. We seem to I could phaser you out.   No. No, no, you'd better not. Any disturbance might bring Besides, it isn't necessary. The chart said Very well, but I find it extremely Very well, Mister Spock. I'll meet you at the Kirk here.  Captain, I just read some fresh signs.   The creature is in this area. I'll take It's not necessary, Mister Spock. I know exactly where the Where, Captain?  Ten feet away from me.  Kill it, Captain, quickly.  It's not making any threatening moves, Spock. You don't dare take the chance, Captain.   Kill it.  I thought you were the one who wanted it kept alive, captured if Jim, your life is in danger. You can't take It seems to be waiting.   I remind you it's a proven killer. I'm on (sitting down) Well, what do we do, just talk Well, you can be hurt, can't you? We just sit here? It's your No, no! Don't shoot. Come on over, Mister Spock.  Fascinating. It's made no moves against you?  No. It seems to be waiting. I tried talking to it, but it didn't Yes, they're all through here, all over the place. Thousands of Yes, I see.  Does it means something to you?  Possibly the answer, Captain, but I'm not certain. Captain, you You think you can get through to that thing?  It's possible.  Mister Spock, I know it's a terrible personal lowering of mental I'll try.  Pain! Pain! Pain! (he staggers back) That's all I got, Captain. No kill I. What is that, a plea for us not to kill it, or a I don't know, Captain. Evidently, it gained an immediate A Horta. A Horta! Mister Spock, we need that retardation Captain, it has no reason to give us the device, and apparently Yes, I'm aware of that. If we could only win its confidence.  Yes, Captain?  Grab your medical kit and come down here on the double. I've got  Is somebody injured? What happened?  Never mind. Just come down to the twenty third level. You'll be Jim, I remind you that this is a silicon-based form of life. He's a healer, let him heal. Mister Spock, you must re-establish To obtain that kind of communication, Captain, it will be We've seen how the creature destroys.  Lieutenant Commander Giotto.  Perfectly all right. Where are you?  Under no circumstances allow them in here Murder. Of thousands. Devils! Eternity ends. What in the name of? What is Spock doing?  It's wounded. Badly. You've got to help it.  Help that?  Go take a look.  The end of life. Murderers.  You can't be serious. That thing is virtually made out of stone! Help it. Treat it.  I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer.  You're a healer. There's a patient. That's an order. Mister Understood. It is the end of life. Eternity stops. Go out into (into communicator) That's right, (channeling the Horta) It is time to sleep. It is over. Failure. Mister Spock. Mister Spock. Spock. Spock! Come out of it. I found Yes, Captain, eggs and about to hatch.  The miners must How are you doing, Doc?  I'll let you know.  Don't fire. First man that fires is dead.  You've killed thousands of her children.  Those round silicon nodules that you've been collecting and There have been many generations of Horta on this planet. Every The Horta is intelligent, peaceful, mild. She had no objection to This is where they live. They digest rock, they tunnel for And they are the most inoffensive of creatures. They harbour ill Yes, I know. Here's your circulating pump. You've complained this Except for one thing. The Horta is badly wounded. It may die.  It won't die. By golly, Jim, I'm beginning to think I can cure a Can you help it?  Help it? I cured it.  How?  Well, I had the ship beam down a hundred pounds of that Well, Spock, I'm going to have to ask you to get in touch with It seems logical, Captain. The Horta has a very logical mind. Ship ready to leave orbit, Captain. Course Very good, Mister Spock.  Chief Engineer Vanderberg standing by on channel one.  Fine. Yes, Chief. Kirk here.  I'm delighted to hear that, Chief. Once Our pleasure, Chief. Kirk out.  Curious. What Chief Vanderberg said about the Horta is exactly Oh, she did, did she? Now tell me, did she happen to make any Not specifically, but I did get the distinct impression she She really liked those ears?  Captain, the Horta is a remarkably intelligent and sensitive Because she approved of you?  Really, Captain, my modesty  Does not bear close examination, Mister Spock. I suspect you're Captain, I see no reason to stand here and be insulted.  Ahead, warp factor two.  Captain, we've reached the designated Good. (puts it into a decoder) We both guessed right. Strategically sound. Organia is the only Class M planet in the Organia's description, Mister Spock.  Inhabited by humanoids. A very peaceful, friendly people living Another Armenia, Belgium.  Sir?  The weak innocents who always seem to be located on the natural Captain, the automatic deflector screen just popped on. Body Configuration, Mister Sulu.  Phaser banks, lock on. Return fire. Maintain firing rate. One We've hit him, Captain. He's hurt.  Damage control, report to the first officer.  Captain, the other ship doesn't register. Only drifting debris. All hands, maintain general alert. Hold battle stations. Damage Minor, Captain. We were most fortunate. Blast damage in decks Maintain surveillance, Mister Sulu.  No contact, Captain. He blew up all right.  Well, we've been anticipating an attack. I'd say what we've just Yes. It would seem to be an unfriendly act.  Automatic all-points relay from Starfleet Command, Captain, code Well, there it is. War. We didn't want it, but we've got it.  Curious how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do War or not, we've still got a job to do. Denying Organia to the With the outbreak of hostilities, that might not be easy.  Lay in a course for Organia, Mister Sulu.  Aye, aye, sir.  Negotiating with the Organians will be time-consuming, Captain, We won't get it by talking about it. The trigger's been pulled. Captain. Unit XY-75847 report a fleet of What bearing?  Unable to ascertain, sir.  Mister Sulu, have the phaser crews stand by their positions. Full Yes, sir.  Mister Spock and I are going to the planet's surface. You will be Perfectly, sir.  The Klingon fleet is in this quadrant. We know that Organia will We'll handle them, sir.  You will evaluate the situation. If there is a fleet of them, But, Captain  No buts. You'll get to safety and alert the fleet. You will not You'd think they had people beaming down every day.  Yes. Curious lack of interest. Notice the ruins in the distance, Yes. A fortress, perhaps. A castle.  Whatever it is, it would seem to be inconsistent with the Reception committee?  It would seem so.  I am Captain James T. Kirk of the starship Enterprise, I would like to speak to someone in authority.  You people are in great danger. Is there someplace we can go and Captain, if you don't mind, I should like to wander about the Gentlemen, my government has informed me that the Klingons are No, sir. With the Federation, you have a choice. You have none You have this planet and its strategic location. I assure you Gentlemen, I have seen what the Klingons do to planets like You keep insisting there's no danger. I keep assuring you there That's the first thing that would be lost! Excuse me, gentlemen. Certainly.  Captain, our information on these people and their culture was That doesn't seem likely.  Nevertheless, it is true. For tens of thousands of years, there Thank you, Mister Spock. That might be useful.  Gentlemen, I must get you to reconsider. We can be of immense (answering communicator) Excuse me, sir. Kirk here.  Captain, a large number of Klingon vessels have just arrived.  They're opening fire.   Positive identification?  Yes, sir. My screens are up. I can't drop them to beam you Mister Sulu, follow your orders. Get out of Can you verify that?  Negative, Captain, but it seems a logical development.  If you had listened to me  How does he know that?  So we're stranded here, in the middle of a Klingon occupation So it would seem. Not a very pleasant prospect.  You have a gift for understatement, Mister Spock. It's not a very Captain, our phasers are gone.  Did you take them?  I must ask you to return them.  They know that Vulcan is a member of the Federation.  Vulcan merchants are not uncommon, Captain. It is a practical What about the rest of you?  You have a lot to learn, sir. And if I know the Klingons, you'll I have a tongue.  My what?  I am Spock, a dealer in kevas and trillium.  He's no spy.  He's done nothing. Nothing at all.  You're here. There's nothing I can do about it.  You need my approval?  You seem to be in command.  Me? I don't want the job.  And Mister Spock?  He is my friend.  I don't understand.  And you're proud of it.  Are you sure you're all right?  Perfectly, Baroner. But it was an interesting experience.  Not necessary, Commander. I understand you very well.  Or I will be killed.  That mindsifter can't be all the terror they It should not be underestimated, Captain. It reaches directly I'll try and avoid it.  I'm sorry, sir. We did not notice you.  Captain, I strongly suggest we direct our energies toward the You didn't really think I was going to beat his head in, did you? I thought you might.  You're right. But as you say, we still have a job to do.  We'll receive no help from the Organians.  Maybe, but sooner or later they'll start resenting how the Verbal persuasion seems to be ineffective. Perhaps a more direct That's exactly what I had in mind. Mister Spock Did I or did I You did.  I think it's time we did a little simple and plain communicating. A very meritorious idea, Captain.  We're short of tools.  I'm certain the Klingons will provide whatever is necessary. Okay so far. Sonic grenade?  With a delayed action fuse.  Good.  These crates contain chemical explosives. They should make a Six, five, four three.  You were right, Mister Spock. A most satisfactory display.  Of course we blew it up. Deliberately.  We did it to show you that you can fight back. You don't have to History is full of examples of civil populations fighting back Our fleet will eventually arrive. In the meantime, the battle is Why? Are you afraid of retribution? Does your personal freedom All I understand is that you apparently don't have the backbone  I speak of courage, gentlemen. Does courage mean so little Ayelborne!  I'm used to the idea of dying, but I have no desire to die for No, thank you.  What do you want from me?  You think I'm going to sit here and just talk with the enemy?  Something was destroyed? Nothing inconsequential, I hope.  We're nothing like you. We're a democratic body.  It's a very large universe, Commander, full of people who don't Go climb a tree.  It will take a lot longer than that, Commander.  It's no use, Jim. There's no way out.  How much of the twelve hours do we have left?  Six hours, forty three minutes, if the Klingons are punctual.  I think we can count on them being punctual. Blowing that They do not seem to understand. Most peculiar.  Nevertheless, our orders still stand. We've got to make some We may not get the chance, Captain. These walls are very thick.  And there are guards every few feet down the hall.  Go?  You turned us over to them. You expect us to trust you now?  We can't stay here. This is the first place First you turn us in, then get us out. What are you doing now, Nor do we understand what happened to the guard at the citadel.  What happened to them?  Is that's all you can do, smile?  I want to know how I'm free, and why.  Indeed, there are several questions I would like to ask as well. This idiotic placidity of yours, your refusal to do anything to Those are Klingon phasers. Take the door. Get Two hundred of them.  Did you hear them?  Well, Mister Spock. It seems it's up to you and me.  It would appear so, Captain.  The Federation has invested a great deal of money in our But only two. More Organians will die.  No. No more will die on account of us, Mister Spock. Where are You've told us a great deal about how you hate violence. Unless It's entirely up to you.  Gentlemen, I have no great love for you, your planet, your Come on, Mister Spock, let's get out of here.  Mister Spock, can we get those two guards? What would you say the Difficult to be precise, Captain. I should say approximately 7,824.7 to 1.  That's a pretty close approximation.  I endeavour to be accurate.  You do quite well. Set your phaser on stun. We're after the top Very good.  But if the situation calls for it, we kill, is that clear?  Clear, Captain.  I'll take the one on the left. Fire.  If you don't tell me what I want to know, I'll kill you here and Is Kor's office down there?  What about the hostages? Talk. Talk.  To be killed?  Mister Spock.  Well, what are the odds now?  Less than seven thousand to one, Captain. It's remarkable we've Less than seven thousand to one. Well, getting better. Getting Just stay where you are, Commander.  (taking his weapon) I believe you'll find that several of them Checkmate, Commander.  I don't intend to kill you unless I have to.  You may be premature. There are many possibilities.  Cover, Spock! Back!  What is it, Spock?  Inexplicable, Captain. Extreme heat. Not only the weapons but You are stopping this? You?  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.  Captain.  I can't explain it. We were just closing in  Every control on our ship became too hot  Our power's gone. Our phaser banks are dead.  Stand by, Sulu.  What have you done?  You're talking nonsense.  You can't just stop the fleet. What gives you the right?  We have legitimate grievances against the Klingons. They've You're the ones who issued the ultimatum to withdraw from the You should be the first to be on our side. Two hundred hostages Even if you have some power that we don't understand, you have no How to handle their interstellar relations! We have the right  Well, no one wants war. But there are proper channels. People What do you mean, beings like yourselves?  Fascinating. Pure energy. Pure thought. Totally incorporeal. Not But what about this planet? The fields, the buildings, this Conventionalisations, I should say. Useless to the Organians. We have seen it with our own eyes. I should say the Organians Well, Commander, I guess that takes care of the war. Obviously, You've been most restrained since we left I'm embarrassed. I was furious with the Organians for stopping a Captain, it took millions of years for the Organians to evolve Oh, no, no, no, Mister Spock, We didn't beat the odds. We didn't Stay on top of it, Mister Sulu.  We're holding orbit, sir. The helm is sluggish.  Control circuits threatening to overload, Captain.  Understood, Engineer. Mister Spock? We can't avoid these areas of I believe we'll have them plotted in a few more orbits, Captain. Sickbay. To the Bridge.  Switching to manual, Captain. Do we maintain this orbit?  Spock?  This is of great scientific importance, Captain. We're actually Maintain orbit. Open the channel to Starfleet Command. (pointing to Sulu) Bones. Can effect changes in time, causing Some heart flutter. Better risk a few drops of cordrazine.  Tricky stuff. Are you sure you want to risk  You were about to make a medical comment, Jim?  Who, me, Doctor?  (at the helm) We're guiding around most of the time ripples now. Mister Spock?  All plotted but one, Captain. Coming up on it now. Seems to be Bones! Get back to your positions.  The hypo, Captain.  It was set for cordrazine.  Empty.  Communications, emergency medical team.  (screams) Killers! Assassins! I won't let you! I'll kill you Security alert. Continue alert, decks four through eleven. Confirmed by the library record tapes, Captain. Subjects failed Bridge here. Go ahead.  And the transporter at that time, Captain, was focused on the So whatever's down there, McCoy is in the heart of it. Set up a These ruins extend to the horizon. Begin recording.  Recording, sir.  And of considerable age. On the order of ten thousand centuries Detail, fan out. What is this thing, Mister Spock? It seems to be Unbelievable, Captain.  That's funny.  This single object is the source of all the time displacement.  Explain.  I can't. For this to do what it does is impossible by any Landing party to Enterprise. No sign of Doctor McCoy. Search Incredible power. It can't be a machine as we understand Then what is it?  What are you?  Are you machine or being?  I see no reason for answers to be couched in riddles.  A time portal, Captain. A gateway to other times and dimensions, Really.  Annoyed, Spock?  Killers! Killers! I won't let you get me! I'll kill you first! I Spock! If that is a doorway back through time, could we somehow Relive the accident. This time be certain that the hypo accident Guardian. Can you change the speed at which yesterday passes?  Strangely compelling, isn't it? To step through there and lose I am a fool. My tricorder is capable of recording even at this Doctor McCoy!  Bones, no!  Where is he?  Captain, I've lost contact with the ship. I was talking to them. Kirk to Enterprise. Scotty.  Nothing wrong with the communicator, sir.  McCoy has somehow changed history.  You mean we're stranded down here?  With no past, no future.  Captain, I'm frightened.  Earth's not there. At least, not the Earth we know. We're totally I was recording images at the time McCoy Make sure we arrive before McCoy got there. It's vital we stop Captain, it seems impossible. Even if you were able to find the Then even finding McCoy would be a miracle.  There is no alternative.  Scotty, when you think you've waited long enough. Each of you Aye.  Seconds now, sir. Stand by.  Good luck, gentlemen.  Happiness at least, sir.  And now.  I've seen old photographs of this period. An economic upheaval It was called Depression, circa 1930. Quite barbaric.  We seem to be costumed a little out of step with the time.  I'm afraid I'm going to be difficult to explain in any case, Well, Mister Spock, if we can't disguise you, we'll find some way That should prove interesting.  Let's get out of here.  Fascinating.  Theft, Captain?  Well, we'll steal from the rich and give back to the poor later. You're a police officer. I recognise the traditional You were saying you'll have no trouble explaining it.  My friend is obviously Chinese. I see you've noticed the ears. Perhaps the unfortunate accident I had as a child.  The unfortunate accident he had as a child. He caught his head in Oh, how careless of your wife to let you go out that way.  Oh, yes, it's quite untidy. Here, let me help you.  You were actually enjoying my predicament Captain, I hardly believe that insults are within your Sorry.  Time we faced the unpleasant facts.  First, I believe we have about a week before McCoy arrives, but Arrives where? Honolulu, Boise, San Diego? Why not Outer There is a theory. There could be some logic to the belief that And the same currents that swept McCoy to a certain time and Unless that is true, Captain, we have no hope. Frustrating. Couldn't you build some form of computer aid here?  In this zinc-plated vacuum-tubed culture?  Yes, well, it would pose an extremely complex problem in logic, Excuse us, miss. We didn't mean to trespass. It's cold outside.  No. We were being chased by a policeman.  These clothes. We stole them. We didn't have any money.  At what rate of payment? I need radio tubes and so forth. My Mine is Jim Kirk. His is Spock.  Excuse me, Miss. Where are we?  Do you run this place?  Radio tubes and so on. I approve of hobbies, Mister Spock.  Why?  Shut up. Shut up. I want to hear what she has to say.  Yes, of course, Captain.  Development of atomic power is years away, and space flight years Speculation. Gifted insight.  I find her most uncommon, Mister Spock.  Then we can report back for other work?  A what?  Oh.  Thank you.  We have a flop.  We have a what, Captain?  A place to sleep.  One might have said so in the first place.  Captain, I must have some platinum. A small block would be Mister Spock, I've brought you some assorted vegetables, baloney Captain, you're asking me to work with equipment which hardly McCoy'll be along in a few days, perhaps sooner. There's no Captain. Captain, in three weeks at this rate, possibly a month, Your hat.  I am endeavouring, ma'am, to construct a mnemonic memory circuit Captain. Tools for finely detailed work.  I needed the fine tools for my radio work. They'd have been If Mister Spock says that he needs the tools and that they'll be Interesting. Where would you estimate we belong, Miss Keeler?  I'll finish with the furnace.  We served together.  Let me help. A hundred years or so from now, I believe, a famous Silly question. Want to hear a silly answer?  A planet circling that far left star in Orion's belt. See?  How are the stone knives and bearskins?  I may have found our focal point in time.  I think you may also find you have a connection burning someplace.  Yes. I'm overloading those lines. I believe we'll have our Good.  And, Captain, you may find this a bit distressing.  Let's see what you have.  I've slowed down the recording we made from the time vortex.  February 23rd, 1936. Six years from now. (reading below the How bad?  Bad enough.  The President and Edith Keeler.  It would seem unlikely, Jim. A few moments ago, I read a 1930 We know her future. Within six years from now, she'll become very Or Captain, Edith Keeler will die this year. I saw her obituary. You must be mistaken. They both can't be true.  Captain, Edith Keeler is the focal point in time we've been She has two possible futures then, and depending on whether she Is the random element.  In his condition, what does he do? Does he kill her?  Or perhaps he prevents her from being killed. We don't know Get this thing fixed. We must find out before McCoy arrives.  Captain, suppose we discover that in order to set things Assassins! Murderers! Murderers! Assassins! You! What planet is How do you know?  And make them spend it on life?  The very same.  I'm glad you got away, too. Why do you think they want to kill Where? Where are we? Earth? The constellations seem right, but. Biped. Small. Good cranial development. No doubt considerable How long before we get a full answer?  I'll need at least two more days before I dare make another McCoy could have been in the city a week now for all we know, and Captain, our last bit of information was obtained at the expense I must know whether she lives or dies, Spock. I must know what to Oh, Miss. That coffee, it just smells wonderful.  I can't. I got to keep moving. I can't let them find me.  This is how history went after McCoy changed Germany. Fascism. Hitler. They won the Second World War.  Because all this lets them develop the A-bomb first. There's no But she was right. Peace was the way.  She was right, but at the wrong time. With the A-bomb, and with No.  And all this because McCoy came back and somehow kept her from How did she die? What day?  We can estimate general happenings from these images, but I Spock, I believe I'm in love with Edith Keeler.  Jim, Edith Keeler must die.  The most common question to ask would be, where am I? I don't The only possible answer would conclusively prove that I'm I am unconscious, or demented.  I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist. I am Leonard McCoy, Senior It's quite all right. It's quite all right dear, because I don't Edith.  With ulterior motives. Does that please you?  Captain, I did not plan to eavesdrop.  No, of course you didn't.  I must point out that when she stumbled, she might have died It's not yet time. McCoy isn't here.  We're not that sure of our facts. Who's to say when the exact Come in.  Thank you.  No, not particularly. You know, I've convinced myself that this But if you're not, what are you?  I don't doubt it. What about this place? Do you run it?  Why?  Well, it was for me, at least. You may have saved my life.  Not as wrong as the bottle I drank from. Allow me to show my A who movie?  Well, I know what a movie is, but.  What?  McCoy! Leonard McCoy?  Stay right here. Spock! Stay right there!  What is it?  McCoy! He's in  No, Jim!  Edith.  You deliberately stopped me, Jim. I could have saved her. Do you He knows, Doctor. He knows.  What happened, sir? You only left a moment ago.  We were successful.  Captain, the Enterprise is up there. They're asking if we want Let's get the hell out of here.    Anything, Lieutenant?  No, sir. I've tried every major transmitting station on Deneva. Try GSK-783, sub-space frequency 3.  But sir, that's a call sign for a private transmitter.  I'm very well aware of that, Lieutenant. Try it.  Yes, sir.  Evaluation, Mister Spock.  As I speculated, Captain, the overall pattern of mass insanity And next in line, Deneva. Bones, what's your theory about the There's no medical or scientific cause for what happened on But it follows a definite pattern, a systematic progression from Captain, we're picking up a ship on our sensors, heading directly Plot an interception course, Mister Sulu. Warp factor eight. Aye, aye, sir.  The ship is a one-man vessel of Denevan configuration, Captain. Scotty, tractor beams?  Out of range, sir.  Making contact, Captain.  Denevan ship, this is the USS Enterprise. Can you reverse your Captain, we'll get too close to the sun.  Keep closing. Denevan ship, reverse your course. Do you hear me? Outer hull temperature now four hundred and eighty degrees and He's too close, Captain.  So are we. Hull temperature one thousand degrees and rising. The He burned up, Captain.  Reverse course. One hundred and eighty degrees about.  Aye, sir.  All clear, Captain. Hull temperature falling, gravimetric pull Very well. Reduce to sub-warp speed. Take us to Deneva.  Aye, aye, sir.  That Denevan ship headed deliberately into the sun. Why?  There's one possibility. The mass insanity may have reached this Captain, I'm having difficulty on that transmitter call to Keep trying.  Yes, sir.  Jim, your brother Sam and his family, aren't they stationed on Planet development is normal, Captain. Aye, they make regular trips from here carrying supplies to the No Federation contacts for over a year.  Captain. I've made contact with your private transmitter, sir.  Put it on audio.  Aurelan, this is Jim on the Enterprise. Repeat your message.  Contact broken, sir.  Re-establish.  Sorry, sir.  I'm not interested in your excuses, Lieutenant. Re-establish I'm afraid that's impossible at the moment, Captain. They Keep trying to raise them.  Yes, sir.  Jim, did you know who that woman was?  Yes. You were right a while back. My brother Sam lives on Deneva. Set your phasers on stun. We're going to beam Lieutenant Uhura has had no further response to our signals. I'll want a complete transcript of everything that happens down Let's go. Energise. There are almost a million inhabitants of Deneva. There's more They're here, Captain. In the buildings. Strangely quiescent.  My brother's lab is over there. They signalled us once. There Captain, several people approaching.  Stand by to fire. Fire.  Did you hear what they said, Mister Spock?  Indeed. They seemed most concerned for our safety.  They tried to brain us with these clubs. Check them out, Bones.  Their attitude was inconsistent with their actions.  To say the least.  There's something wrong, Jim. Their nervous systems. Unconscious Fan out. Follow me. Security.  (bearhugging her) Aurelan.  Bones. (McCoy sedates her) Aurelan, you're safe now.  Is this your brother, Jim?  Sam. It is my brother. Was my brother.  I'm sorry, Jim. The boy's unconscious, but he's still alive.  Peter?  I'd better get the boy and his mother back to the ship. I can't Get ready to beam up.  McCoy to Enterprise. Prepare to beam up party of four.  Captain, I understand how you must  Yes. Yes, Mister Spock. You heard my sister-in-law say something Notice the ventilator, Captain. Apparently they were trying to It doesn't make sense. There are no harmful life forms reported. That is correct. I am at a loss to understand it.  Ready to beam up, Captain. I'd like you to be onboard when your Take charge of the landing party, Mister Spock. I want some I won't be able to give you the exact cause Can she talk?  Yes.  Aurelan? Aurelan, it's Jim.  He's dead. But your son's still alive. You've got to help us.  Yes, I'm here. You have to tell us what happened, Aurelan, to you Who?  What kind of things?  Aurelan, it's important that you tell us. What kind of things?  When she answers questions, any questions, it's as if she's My brother's son?  I'll do everything I can, Jim, to save him. The streets are extraordinarily quiet, Captain. We've seen no You've seen some kind of creature? Any alien form?  None, sir. Just that noise we heard.  A peculiar buzzing sound. We were about to investigate it.  All right. Let's go find out what it is. Set your phasers on Spock!  Form a ring. Fire!  Incredible. Not only should it have been destroyed by our It is not life as we know or understand it. Yet t is obviously And it can bear up under full phaser power.  Captain, I suggest we risk taking it aboard.  It's too close in here. It may be a trap in here. Let's move out. Spock! Spock! (He pulls it off) It's gone. Can you stand? Spock, Nurse. That's the second time he's come out Let's prepare to close. Nurse!  Miss Chapel.  Miss Chapel, if you cannot assist me as required, call another How is he?  To be very frank, Jim, I don't know that I can do anything for Did you operate on Spock in time?  No. I just removed these for examination. His body's full of My nephew?  The same. Evidently, when the creature attacks, it leaves a Recommendations?  I'm sorry, Jim. The lab, the science departments, we're all No! No! (he sits up)  (hoarsely) No, I won't.  All decks, security alert. Locate and restrain Mister Spock. He I must take the ship. Down! I must take it down.  Get him back to the Sickbay. Use security restraints.  The K3 indicator registers the level of Doctor McCoy. Captain.  Spock.  These restraints will no longer be necessary. Nor will your I am a Vulcan, Doctor. Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can You're only half-Vulcan. What about the human half of you?  It is proving to be an inconvenience, but it is manageable. And Can he control it the way he says, Bones?  Who knows, Jim? I know the amount of pain the creature can I have my own will, Captain. Let me help.  I need you, Spock, but we can't take any chances. We'll keep you Yes.  Help them. I don't care what it takes or costs. You've got to Jim, aren't you forgetting something? There are over a million I am a Vulcan. I am a Vulcan. There is no pain.  Mister Spock, I thought you were still I was.  Here, now. Where do you think you're going?  I have an errand on the planet's surface. You will beam me down Not likely, Mister Spock.  That is an order, Mister Scott.  Aye, sir, and I'm sorry I have to disobey it. The Captain said Freeze right there, Mister Spock, or I'll put you to sleep for Mister Spock, I gave you an order to stay in the Sickbay.  Until the pain was gone, Captain. It has been discontinued by Scotty?  He said he was transporting down to the surface, sir. Your One of the creatures will have to be captured and analysed, Jim, this is ridiculous. I don't want my patients running I am in complete control of myself, Doctor. The fact that I am Mister Spock, your logic, as usual, is inescapable. Beam him Thank you, Captain.  Energise.  Jim, that man is sick. Don't give me any I don't have to, Bones. We both know he is.  Come in, gentlemen. I believe you'll find this interesting. You may be controlling the pain, Mister Spock, but you're far Unimportant at the moment, Doctor. Please observe. Interesting, Yes. That would answer a lot of questions.  Do you understand what I'm suggesting, Captain?  I think so. This may be one cell in a larger organism. An And although it is not physically connected to the other cells, Existing so differently from any living matter or energy as we From a place where our physical laws do not apply. We may But not impossible, Mister Spock. The Denevan that flew into the Yes, sir.  I'm sorry, Captain. I've tried everything I can. Variant Then you're wasting your time. There has to be something that'll Which happens to be my point. The thing won't die, even at I can't accept that, Bones. We've got fourteen science labs Captain, I understand your concern. Your affection for Spock, No, no, Bones. There's more than two lives at stake here. I Gentlemen.  I regret I see no other choice for you, Captain. We already know Gentlemen, I want it stopped, too, but not at the cost of Including myself, Doctor, and Captain Kirk's young nephew. If killing five people saves ten, it's a bargain. Is that your I will accept neither of those alternatives, gentlemen. I cannot Report.  I'm sorry, Jim. We've been over and over it, made every I therefore request permission to beam down to the planet's Request denied.  Captain, I do not make this request lightly. I do not know how Request denied. There must be another answer. Something in the It exists physically. It occupies space. It has mass, therefore Jim, we've been through it and through it. Radiation, heat  But one other thing you haven't mentioned. It's bright. It Nothing lethal about light.  Not to us. But down on the surface, the creatures stayed in the A possibility.  You can't move Deneva closer to the sun, Jim.  No, but you can move the equivalent of the sun to Deneva. Mister Yes. In essence, it can be done. A string of satellites around Well, I can rig a test cubicle in the bio-lab, put our specimen Good. Let's get on it.  Your figures are, of course, accurate.  Of course. The light of the sun at the proximity where the Put on your masks.  Completed.  It worked! We can do it. What's the matter, Jim? We can do it.  It worked in a lab. With the creature exposed to everything we Well, I don't know. Maybe trial  Maybe. There's no time for maybes, Bones. We need to know now.  But I'd have to put a  Yes, we'd have to put someone who's infected under that light.  Do you have any idea of the risk?  We have to duplicate the conditions on the planet, and Spock  Captain, you'll need a host for the next step in the test to Do you know what one million candlelight per square inch can do There's no other way, Bones. We have to duplicate the brilliance All right. I'll rig up a protective pair of goggles.  There'll be none on the planet's surface, Doctor.  I agree completely.  Unfortunately, you're both right. It's the only thing we can do. Mister Spock's the best first officer in the fleet.  Proceed.  Completed.  Spock, are you all right?  The creature within me is gone. I am free of it and the pain.  And I'm also quite blind. An equitable trade, Doctor. Thank you. (reading) Oh, no.  What is it?  I threw the total spectrum of light at the creature. It wasn't Interesting. Just as dogs are sensitive to certain sounds which Are you telling me that Spock need not have been blinded?  I didn't need to throw the blinding white light at all, Jim. Doctor it was my selection as well. It is done.  Bones, take care of him. Completing the seeding orbit, Captain. Two Good. Scanners?  Scanners ready, sir.  Very well. Ready, Helm?  Ready, Captain.  Satellite control, this is the Captain. Energise all satellites.  All satellites operative, Captain.  Captain, receiving messages from a ground station.  Report.  The things are dying, sir. It's working.  Sickbay.  McCoy here.  Tell Spock it worked.  Yes, Captain. He'll be happy to hear that.  Bones, it wasn't your fault.   Bones.  Bones.  Yeoman, record this for Starfleet Command.  The alien creatures on Deneva have been destroyed  Spock. You can see.  The blindness was temporary, Jim. There's something about his An hereditary trait, Captain. The brightness of the Vulcan sun Mister Spock. Regaining eyesight would be an emotional experience Quite the contrary, Captain. I had a very strong reaction. My 'Tis a pity your brief blindness did not increase your If you gentlemen are finished, would you mind laying in a course My pleasure, Captain.  Unusual eye arrangement. I might've known he'd turn up with What's that, Doctor?  I said, please don't tell Spock I said he was the best first Why, thank you, Doctor McCoy.  You've been so concerned about his Vulcan eyes, Doctor, you Warp factor one, sir.   Still no response, sir.  No, keep it open. I don't like this. Nothing since the first They may have nothing to report. Our sensors indicate no life Both those men are well aware of landing party procedure. They Contact established, Captain.  Enterprise. Kirk here.  One? Jackson, where are Scott and Sulu? Jackson!  I'm sorry. I can't clear it, Captain.  Notify Transporter room to prepare to beam up one member of the Yes, sir.  Energise.  What's on, Jim?  Trouble. (one man materialises) Jackson, where are the others?  The man is dead.  Odd. Our probe data didn't indicate fog.  No cloud formations, no bodies of water, no changes in surface Readings, Mister Spock.  No indications of. A moment, Captain. Picking up life form Scott and Sulu?  Kirk to Enterprise.   Enterprise. Lieutenant Uhura here.  What are the ship's sensors reading now, Lieutenant?  I am only picking up physical impulses from the three of them. Captain, we are only registering on you. (static) Captain? Lieutenant, can you hear me?  Whatever this stuff is, it's getting thicker. Suppose that has I don't know. There has to be some explanation for the fact that No change, Captain.  Stand-by alert.  Listen. Now, what do you think that  Quiet.  Who are you?  Spock. Comment?  Very bad poetry, Captain.  A more useful comment, Mister Spock.  What we've just seen is not real.  That's useful.  However, on azimuth twenty four, at just over one hundred That's where we're going.  That was a pretty real illusion, Mister Spock.  Jim.  This is the source of the life form readings, Captain. They're Kirk to Enterprise. Enterprise, come in.  Is this how we lost contact with the first landing party?  What about it, Spock? Does this structure have anything to do I would say not, Captain. There's no indication of anything that And it doesn't pick up on our ship's sensors.  Nor do our sensors register the life forms inside.  Could it be exerting a force field of some kind that cuts into Then it would affect Spock's tricorder too, wouldn't it?  Would it? I wonder.  Three witches, what appears to be a castle and a black cat.  If we weren't missing two officers and a third one dead I'd say Trick or treat, Captain?  Yes, Mister Spock. You'd be a natural. I'll explain it to you one That would seem to be in order.  (sending them off in different directions) Bones. Spock.  They're gone, Mister DeSalle. The captain I did, sir, as soon as it happened.  Mister DeSalle, that's exactly what happened to Mister Scott and I can do it, sir. I'm not that green.  Aye, aye, sir.  Straight ahead, Mister Spock?  The readings would so indicate.  Dust, cobwebs. Halloween is right.  Spock. Are you all right?  Yes. I am undamaged, Captain.  Bones? (sees another skeleton chained to the wall) Doc?  You were saying something about trick or treat. Dungeons, curses, skeletons and iron maidens. They're all Earth I do not know, Captain, but these things do exist. They are Could this be an Earth parallel development of some sort?  None of this parallels any human development. It's more like a As if someone knew what it was that terrifies man most on an Ghost stories, ogres, demons. The whole  Scotty, Sulu. Scotty. Put down the phaser. Scotty!  They appear to be drugged, Jim. Look at their eyes. Hardly blink Neither did Jackson just before he collapsed.  These two are alive. Scotty, do you hear me? Sulu, do you know They're going to release us.  Whoever you are, you've proven your skill at creating illusion. Not when one of my men is dead because of it and two others Who are you? Why did you bring us here?  Why? For what reason? Why all the mumbo-jumbo?  Mapping expeditions have charted this solar system before. There That cat.  That cat.  There are ancient Earth legends about wizards and their Familiars?  Demons in animal forms sent by Satan to serve the wizard.  Superstition.  I do not create the legend, Captain. I merely report it.  He doesn't know about trick or treat.  Ingenious.  We're not hungry.  All right, Korob. What do you want from us?  You'll find us most unco-operative unless you start explaining These look real.  We could manufacture a ton of these on our ship. They mean Whatever it is you read, you read it wrong. As for leaving, we'll Tests?  Mind probing? Hypnosis?  Telepathy?  Not entirely, no. Telepathy doesn't imply control and I assure Don't move! (hands it to Spock) Cover them. Now, I want the rest You can't think a man to death.  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in. Come in.   Enterprise. From Captain Kirk. Come in.  Captain, are you all right? Where are you? Are the others all Never mind about us. What's happening up It's up sixty degrees in the past thirty seconds. We're burning DeSalle, channel bypass power into your heat All right. I'll handle it down here. Kirk out. (taking the model Temperature is almost back to normal, Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, please. Enterprise to You seem to be singing a different tune. I'd rather know more I wouldn't attempt to name it, but you seem to do with your mind You kept Scott and Sulu as catspaws to lure us down here. How'd It's too late for threats. You let me contact the ship. How long It's some kind of a force field, sir, but We have nothing to discuss.  It will not analyse, sir.  How long has it been?  Twenty two minutes, seventeen seconds.  Thanks. I wonder what they're doing to Doc.  I'm sure we'll find out shortly. Jim, all of these things that Familiar. Startling. Not rational.  Precisely. I refer you to the psychological theory of the racial Ghosts, witches.  And dungeons and castles and black cats. They all belong to the They tried to tap our conscious mind.  And they missed. They reached basically only the subconscious. He expected me to react as though it were all normal. Well, he And not to have a knowledge of our scientific methods is most They refer to us as creatures, as though we were some species Evidently something totally alien in all respects.  Agreed. Totally alien. And I don't like hostile strangers showing I, too, am at a loss at this time to suggest a course of action. Oh, Bones. Doc.  What now? You wave your magic wand and destroy my mind, too?  You don't call that damage?  You'd know if you had compassion. A woman should have compassion, You seem to need us. Why?  What about Korob?  Why don't you simply probe my mind and get what you want?  You're very persuasive. What happens if I go along?  For the same reasons you excite me. You're a very beautiful You have a knack for giving me difficult choices. (kisses her Your people, when they come here  (nuzzling her neck) Transmuter?  Then it's a device. You do use tools.  You haven't changed your mind? You won't return home?  And why not? You've been using me and my crew.  I don't see any change.  It was that electrical field we set up, Mister DeSalle, that I'm not leaving without my men.  You came in a ship?  Transmuter. Yes, she mentioned that.  Fascinating.  Why a cat?  Racial memories. The cat is the most ruthless, most terrifying You'd better let us. (draws the phaser) It's out of energy. She Do you think you can make it?  Ready when you are, Captain.  (to Korob) Get ready.  Korob, that door won't last.  Quickly, Captain.  Korob seemed to think this was important. Said something about a Captain, a bit more alacrity, if you please.  Captain.  Doc.  Jim!  Well, at least we found them.  Fortuitous, Captain. And now that we have them all together? Maybe we do. (he gets the wand) Sylvia, I have the transmuter. Don't let her touch the wand, Captain.  Jim!  Don't you get tired of these games?  I wasn't sure before, but I am now. This is the source of your I catch on quickly.  Why? Because your people have nothing of your own? Is that why No.  I don't know what you are but you're not a woman. You've tortured What happened, Jim?  That'll take some explaining, Bones.  Everything's vanished.  Not everything.  Korob and Sylvia as they really are. Their forms were an Fascinating. A life form totally alien to our galaxy. If we Too late. All of this, just an illusion.  No illusion. Jackson is dead. Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.   Standing by, Captain.  Five to beam up.   We have reached projected point three, Captain. Adjust to new Thank you, Mister Spock.  (offering a drink) Jim.  How is she, Doc?  No change.  Now really, Commissioner, you can't blame the Starfleet.  Sakuro's disease is extremely rare. The chances of anyone Commissioner, I can assure you that once we reach the Enterprise, In exactly four hours, twenty one minutes, Commissioner.  Captain.  Yes?  Will you check your automatic scanner, please?  That's odd. I've never seen anything like that before.  Nor have I.  Heading directly toward us at warp speed.  Staying right with us. Sensor readings, Mister Spock.  Vaguely like a cloud of ionised hydrogen, but with strong We've got it.  Helm does not answer, Captain.  Neither do the pods. Communications are dead. Building overload. Cut, Captain.  You already know as much as we do, Miss Hedford. Whatever that Now on course nine eight mark one two, heading directly toward Jim, we've got to get Miss Hedford to the Enterprise. Her I know, Bones, but there's nothing I can do about it.  Miss Hedford, we'll do what we can, when we can. At the moment, Enterprise, this is the Galileo. Come in, please, come in. Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere. Some krypton, argon, neon. Spock?  Gravity is similar to Earth. Most unusual in view of its size. All right, we get out and get up. Issue phasers. Bones, maintain That's a very good question. I wish I could answer it. All right. Take a look around, Bones.  Most unusual. Unlikely. In fact, Captain, I would say quite Nothing wrong and nothing works.  Precisely.  There must be a reason.  Obviously.  Let's look a little further.  Jim, I just took a tricording sweep, and I got the same readings The ionised cloud.  I think so, only it reads here on the surface with us. It's in Fascinating.  Bones, get a physiological reading on that, whatever it is.  We're real enough.  From the Federation.  I'm Captain James T. Kirk, commanding the starship Enterprise. Correct.  Chief Surgeon Leonard McCoy.  Pleasure.  Oh, and excuse me, Assistant Federation Commissioner Hedford.  He's human, Jim. Everything checks out perfectly.  Mister Cochrane. We were forced off our course and taken here by Which seems to be on the surface of this body at the moment.  You say we'll be unable to get the ship to function again?  You don't mind if we continue to try?  What about you, Cochrane? How did you get here?  If you don't mind, Mister Cochrane, I'd like more than just a Yes, she is. And you've been out of circulation quite a while. Talks a lot, but he doesn't say much.  I've noticed something else.  What's that?  He looks familiar.  Familiar? Now that you mention it, he does.  I can't quite place him, but. What about Miss Hedford?  No temperature yet, but we've got to get under way soon, Jim. I Take Cochrane up on his offer.  You built this, Mister Cochrane?  Not bad.  All the comforts of home indeed, Mister Not that much.  Do you feel hot?  It was quite a hike here. You're tired. Just take it easy for a Temperature, Captain. First sign.  Yes, I know. It means we're running out of time.  Captain, Doctor.  What was that?  We imagined nothing, Mister Cochrane. There was an entity out You'll find I have a very low tolerance level where the safety of The what?  You were injured?  You seem perfectly all right now. What was the matter?  You were what?  I prefer to reserve judgment on that part of your story, sir. That's a pretty far out story.  Mister Cochrane, do you have a first name?  Zefram Cochrane of Alpha Centuri, the discoverer of the space But that's impossible. Zefram Cochrane died a hundred and fifty The name of Zefram Cochrane is revered throughout the known Isn't your story a little improbable, Mister Cochrane?  You say this Companion found you and rejuvenated you? What were True, his body was never found.  If so, you wear your age very well.  How do you feel?  You're running a little temperature. Perhaps you should lie All right. Try to relax. Jim, it's started, the fever. It's over How long do we have?  A matter of hours, that's all.  Mister Cochrane, you say you were brought here a hundred and Captain. These instruments, they date from the time indicated. You say you can communicate with it. Perhaps you can find out You wouldn't mind telling us?  I already don't like it.  You mean you brought us here?  Spock, run additional tricorder readings. Learn anything you can. You ask me to find a weapon. Do you intend to destroy it?  I intend to do whatever's necessary to get us off this planet and Quite clear, Captain.  Very well. You have your orders. (Spock leaves) Mister Cochrane, Do you want to leave here?  We're on a thousand planets and spreading out. We cross fantastic It's all out there waiting for you, but we'll need your help to You seem to think this Companion of yours can Could it cure her?  How do you communicate with it?  We've got to try. We're helpless. See if it can do something.  How do you do it?  Bones, what do you make of that?  Almost a symbiosis of some kind, a sort of joining.  Exactly what I think. Not exactly like a pet owner speaking to a No, it's more than that.  Agreed. More like love.  Are you all right?  Well?  Then she'll die.  Spock! Are you all right?  Yes. Quite all right, Doctor. A most fascinating thing happened. It attacked you?  Evidently. Unquestionably, a large part of its substance is Oh, yes. I'm not a scientist or a physicist, Mister Spock, but Quite correct, Doctor.  Put this in the proximity of the Companion, throw this switch, It troubles you, Cochrane?  It's also keeping you prisoner.  We may simply render it powerless.  We're getting out of here, Cochrane. Face up to it. I'll do We understand how you feel, Mister Cochrane, but it has to be Please. Outside.  There is some risk, Captain. We do not know the extent of its Nor it ours.  Now.  Stop it! You're killing them! Stop it, please! Stop it! You're You all right, Jim?  Yeah.  Spock?  All right.  Cochrane got it off of us, but I don't know whether he did us a What kind of talk is that?  How do you fight a thing like that? I've got a ship up there It isn't your fault.  I'm in command, Bones. It makes it my fault. How do you fight a Maybe you're a soldier so often that you forget you're also Spock.  Yes, Captain?  The universal translator on the shuttlecraft. We can try that, The translator is for use with more congruent life forms.  Adjust it, change it. The trouble with immortality is it's It is possible. If I could widen its pattern of reception  Right down your alley, Spock. Get it here and get to work. That Any change?  Yes, for the worse. Mister Scott. Computer central reports that Thank you, Lieutenant.  Steady. No, Mister Scott, bearing three ten mark thirty five just All scanners, spherical sweep. Range, maximum. They'll have to If the shuttlecraft powered away, Mister Scott, but if it were There'd still be traces of residual matter floating around, Bearing two ten mark forty. Strong particle concentration. We're Lay on that course. Maintain scanning.  Course laid in, sir. Particle density decreasing. Gone, sir. No Steady as she goes, Mister Sulu.  What do you think it means, Mister Scott?  The shuttlecraft was on schedule until it was shy five hours of Well, I'd feel a lot better if it were a little more definite.  It didn't wreck. There was no debris. There's no trace of If there are no further traces, how are we going to follow them? We stay on this course, see what comes up.  It's a big galaxy, Mister Scott.  Aye.  There are certain universal ideas and concepts common to all Then it translates its findings into English.  With a voice or the approximation of whatever the creature is on Quite ready, Captain.  Mister Cochrane, call the Companion.  Companion. (It leaves Cochrane) We wish to talk to you.  Feminine. No doubt about it.  Yes. The matter of gender could change the entire situation.  I'm way ahead of you.  Then it is not a zookeeper.  No. A lover. Companion. It is wrong to keep us here against our One of us will cease to exist if we don't get her to a place Companion, try to understand. It is the nature of our species to This is a marvellous opportunity to add to our knowledge. Ask it This isn't a classroom. I'm trying to get us out of here.  A chance like this may never come again. It could tell us so This isn't the time. Companion, what you offer us is not We didn't.  The idea of male and female are universal constants, Cochrane. You don't? A blind man could see it with a cane. You're not a Her attitude when she approaches you is profoundly different What are you complaining about? It kept you alive.  There's nothing disgusting about it. It's just another life Your highly emotional reaction is most illogical. Your Fascinating. A totally parochial attitude.  Right here, Miss Hedford.  You just rest.  Approaching what seems to be an asteroid Atmosphere count?  Approximately thirty four percent of the bodies of atmospherian All right, then. We'll do it the hard way. All sensors set for Mister Scott, there are thousands of them out there they could That's right, Lieutenant. Thousands. And we'll look them over Companion, do you love the man?  Is he important to you, more important than anything? Is he as He will not continue. He will cease to exist. By your feeling for You speak of his body. I speak of his spirit. Companion, inside Our species can only survive if we have obstacles to overcome. But you can't really love him. You haven't the slightest What did you hope to gain by that, Jim?  Try to convince her of the hopelessness of it. Love sometimes But she or it is inhuman, Captain. You cannot expect her to I tried.  Bones?  I don't understand it. She's not sick at all.  What?  Bones?  She's perfectly healthy. Heart like a hammer, respiration We?  Companion, you do not have the power to create life.  Commissioner Hedford was dying.  Then you are both here, in the one body?  Spock, check out the shuttlecraft. Engine, communications, Go ahead, Cochrane We have a few things to do.  Mister Scott, it's the Captain.  Put him on. Lock on to his co-ordinates. Captain, this is Perfectly all right. Can you get a fix on us. The helm is computing your position now, Course two twenty four mark twelve. ETA fifty seven minutes.  We'll be there in 57 minutes, sir.  Very good. I'll continue transmitting. Assume What happened, Captain?  Interesting story, Scotty. I can't tell you We're locked in, Captain. Standard orbit Stand by, Scotty.  The Enterprise is waiting, Mister Cochrane.  Not coming from a human being. You are, after all, essentially Think it over, Mister Cochrane. There's a whole galaxy out there But you will age, both of you. There will be no immortality. Are you sure?  All the best.  Not a word, Mister Cochrane.  Jim, what about that war on Epsilon Canaris Three?  Well, I'm sure the Federation can find another woman somewhere They're quite large. Seven feet tall is not In addition, an assortment of swords and knives.  Call from the bridge, Captain.   Bridge, Helm, sir.  Yes, Mister Sulu. Report.  [on monitor] Now in standard orbit, sir. I've pinpointed their Very good. Have the transporter room stand by.  [on monitor] Aye, sir.  How long were you stationed on the planet, Doctor?  Only a few months. We found them totally uninterested in medical Analysis, gentlemen.  Ordinarily, under these circumstances, I would recommend a Yes, but in this case, with the more people we take down, the Agreed. Once they've got it into their heads we're showing Very well. Scotty, you're in command. Bear in mind that the Aye, sir. We'll keep on our toes. I'm Captain Kirk.  We come with open hearts and hands.  Grant, no!  Don't move a muscle. Jim!  He was young, and inexperienced.  Does Maab know that the Klingons are our sworn enemies by their Let me call my ship and inform them  So they keep their word scrupulously. They're unusually honest. Yes, I mentioned that.  He also mentioned that they can be highly dangerous.  Dangerous if lied to, if their customs are violated. We lied to Because he was drawing a weapon on another of their guests.  Grant looked up, saw a Klingon, made a purely instinctive Look, Jim. I know what it means to you to lose a crewman.  That's only one down, Doctor. There's over four hundred more up Mister Scott. I'm picking up something on Well, let's put it on the screen.  It's just at the edge of our sensor range, sir. Hard to get an You think it's a Klingon ship?  Who else would be playing cat and mouse with a starship? Well, Bones.  Yes, Captain?  I shouldn't have chewed you out. I'm sorry.  I understand.  Inefficient, however. Emotion, Captain.  Yes, you're quite right, Mister Spock. Inefficient and illogical. You've shown friendship by handing over our weapons. She's Jim! You touch it, her nearest male relative will have to try to It would appear, Captain, that he finds you a disappointment.  I'm Captain Kirk. First of all, I must protest the killing of my Let me take this, Jim. What Maab has said is true. Our customs The Earth Federation offers one other thing, Akaar. Our laws. And We need our communicators, those devices on our belts. If there's The ship's disappeared, sir. Gone out of Mister Scott, I'm getting a call from a vessel. It's so faint I Put a booster on it, Lieutenant. Try to pull it in.  I've lost it. It sounded like a distress signal from an Earth Klingon! Communicators, weapons.  Type of vessel. Location.  Wait. If you lead these people now, be certain you make the right Or let the Klingon and me fight. It might amuse you.  I have the signal clear now, Mister Scott. Dierdre? That's a freighter.  Reporting they're under attack. They're running, trying to Helm?  Picking it up, sir. Taking a fix.  Try the captain.  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, Captain. Enterprise to Captain, careful.  No!  Enterprise to Mister Spock. Doctor McCoy, I have it on the sensors, sir. Tie into my channel, Lieutenant. Interception course computed and laid in, sir.  Prepare to take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir.  Scotty, the captain.  We have a distress call from a Federation ship under attack. We were forced to leave Capella to aid a Our check-in signal is one hour, twelve minutes overdue. Since I must assume that something's keeping them busy up there. The That would seem a logical conclusion.  Captain, I'm going to fix that woman's arm. They can only kill That's a very good idea, Bones.  Yes, Captain, an excellent idea.  Let me see that arm.  (knife at her throat) You said you're prepared to die. Does that All right. Let's go.  Approaching the freighter's last reported Sensor report, Mister Chekov.  Negative, sir. No debris, no residual particles, no traces.  Mister Sulu, begin a standard search pattern. All scanners full Negative, sir.  It should be on our screens by now.  At best, a freighter might travel warp two.  I'm well aware of a freighter's maximum speed, Mister Sulu. Stay with her, Bones. Nice place to get trapped in.  But a defensible entrance, Captain.  Yes, I see. Scout up the trail that way. See what we have in the Now listen, you may be a Capellan woman and the widow of a high You listen to me, young woman. I'll touch you in any way or Just as I thought. It can come anytime now.  Because I'm a doctor, that's how I know.  The walls get higher and narrower, but there is a way out.  Good. If we could block off that entrance, hold them off, it'd There is enough loose rock and shale.  Do you think we could create a sonic disruption with two of our Only a very slight chance it would work.  Well, if you don't think we can, maybe we shouldn't try.  Captain, I didn't say that exactly.  The sound beams should produce a sympathetic vibration on the Worried about the delivery?  Capellans aren't human, Jim. They're humanoid. There's certain Well, if you don't think you can handle it  Forget it. I can do it. The last thing I want around is a There's a cave in there. Probably the only shelter around here.  I'll need help getting her in there.  Look, I'm a doctor, not an escalator! Spock, give me a hand!  A vessel doesn't just disappear.  There's nothing, Mister Scott. All channels and frequencies are Mister Chekov?  Nothing, sir. If it were destroyed, I'd pick up debris readings It couldn't have run away from us, sir. Not a freighter.  Mister Chekov, pull the microtape on that distress call. I want Did you hear it? They called us by name. Not a general distress Wouldn't they normally call for the nearest starship?  How would a freighter know we were ordered into this sector?  A trap. We were diverted from the planet.  Or it could be an authentic distress call.  We'll stay long enough to make certain. Continue search pattern. Yes, sir. Continuing.  Bones, you've got one of those magnesite-nitron tablets in your Just a minute. Let me get her on the rock. There you go.  How did you arrange to touch her, Bones, give her a happy pill?  No a right cross.  Never seen that in a medical book.  It's in mine from now on.  Vegetation, Captain. Evidently there's water Good, but we need weapons just as much as we need water, Spock.  There would seem to be little weapon potential at hand.  Follow me.  Easy, easy. I'm here. Now you must want the child!  So they take all the credit here. Poppycock! Answer me. Do you No, no. You've got it all wrong.  No. Say to yourself, The child is mine. It is mine. It is  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in. Kirk to Fortunately, this bark has suitable tensile cohesion.  You mean it makes a good bowstring.  I believe I said that.  That's more like it. Since the Capellans never developed the bow, No, no, Mister Spock. You place this arm under here to support I would rather, I would rather not. Thank you.  Our child?  I'll explain later.  That should prove very interesting.  Still negative, Mister Scott. All sweeps.  Mister Chekov?  Nothing.  We're turning back. Warp five, Helm.  Warp five, sir. On course for Capella Four.  Warp 6 as soon as she'll take it, Mister Sulu. The captain could Mister Scott, another distress call from the USS Carolina.  Ignore it.  The Carolina is registered in this sector.  Ignore it, Lieutenant. Log it as my order, my responsibility.  Aye, aye, sir.  Scotty, if it should turn out to be real  There's an old, old saying on Earth, Mister Sulu. Fool me once, I know this saying. It was invented in Russia. (he smirks to Jim! Spock! Jim! Spock!  What happened, Bones?  My patient spattered me with a rock. She's gone.  The child?  It's all right. It's in there. I guess I'll forget psychiatry, Virtue is a relative term, Doctor. She'll head straight to the I'll go with you.  Bones, you took a medical oath long before you signed aboard my Estimating to planet?  Thirty one minutes, sir.  Mister Scott? Sensors picking up a vessel ahead, cutting across Sub-light one half.  Reversing to sub-light, one half.  It's an alien, sir. By configuration a Klingon warship. Taking Mister Sulu, sound battle stations.  Aye, aye, sir.  This is the USS Enterprise calling unidentified Klingon vessel. I have it on the viewscreen now, sir. Still distant. Holding a Drawing a line, daring us to step over it.  Still closing. The alien's directly in our line of flight.  This is the commander of the USS Enterprise. Identify yourself Phaser banks are ready, sir.  And we'll go right down their throat, if necessary. Let's see if Spock. Spock!  Here, Captain. Over here, Captain. (into communicator as Kirk The cavalry doesn't come over the hill in the nick of time If by that you mean we can't expect help from the Enterprise, I There's just one thing I want.  The Klingon?  One of us must get him.  Revenge, Captain?  Why not?  Klingon!  Hold it there. Drop your weapons.  We missed you, Mister Scott.  Well sir, we had a wee bit of a run-in with a Klingon vessel, No, that's not the way to handle it. Here, like this. Here, take Oochy-woochy coochy-coo, Captain?  An obscure Earth dialect, Mister Spock. Oochy-woochy coochy-coo. Well, at any rate, this should prove interesting.  Interesting?  When the woman starts explaining how the new high teer is What's that again, Mister Spock?  We don't actually understand it ourselves, Mister Scott.  Nor does Doctor McCoy.  Contact Starfleet. Inform them the Federation Aye, aye, sir.  The child's regent?  Yes, Eleen. Remarkable young lady.  Representing the high teer, Leonard James Akaar.  The child was named Leonard James Akaar?  Has a kind of a ring to it, don't you think, James?  Yes. I think it's a name destined to go down in galactic history, I think you're both going to be insufferably pleased with Take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu. Ahead warp factor one.  Bugs the? Well, carry out the standard procedures on Pollux Four. Lieutenant, you look a bit tired this morning.  Well in that case, there's nothing like a wee bit of coffee to Bones, could you get that excited over a cup of coffee?  Even from here I can tell his pulse rate's up.  Gentlemen. Come along, my dear.  I'm not sure I like that, Jim.  Why, Bones? Scotty's a good man.  And he thinks he's the right man for her, but I'm not sure she I like to think of it not so much losing an officer as gaining  Come along.  Actually, I'm losing an officer.  Entering standard orbit around Pollux Four, sir.  Cartographic Detail, stand by.  Standing by, sir.  Preliminary reports, Mister Spock.  Pollux Four. Class M type planet, oxygen and nitrogen Cartographic Sections, implement standard orders.  All cartographic standards full automatic.  Captain?  What in the name of?  Analysis, Mister Spock.  Momentarily.  Am I seeing things?  Not unless I am, too. Captain, that thing's a giant hand.  What is it, Mister Spock? Is it a hand?  Negative, Captain. Not living tissue.  A trick, then? A projection?  Not a projection, sir. A field of energy.  Hard about.  Hard about. We can't seem to get away from it.  It's almost as if it means to grab us.  Reverse all engines.  All engines reverse.  We're dead still, Captain. Helm doesn't answer. We can't move. Lieutenant, relay our position and Aye, aye, sir.  Mister Sulu try rocking the ship. Full impulse power forward and Aye, aye, sir.  Damage report coming in, Captain. Situation under control. Minor Sickbay reports five minor injuries, all being treated.  Thank you. Mister Sulu?  Applying thrust, sir. No results, Captain. We're stuck tight.  Mister Spock. Status.  The ship is almost completely encircled by the field. It Thank you. Mister Sulu. Our forward tractor beams, adjust to Aye, aye, sir. Standing by.  Activate.  Ineffective, Captain. There doesn't seem to be anything to push Captain, a most curious development on scanner five seven.  Let's all take a look at it, Mister Spock.  Screen on, Captain.  Activity on hailing channel three, sir.  Put it on audio, Lieutenant.  Response frequencies, Lieutenant.  Calculated. Channel open, sir.  This is Captain James T. Kirk, commanding the USS Enterprise. Are you responsible for stopping the ship?  Give it back, then we'll talk.  I don't know who or what you are, but I must warn you we have the Never mind the history lesson. Release the ship!  External pressure building up, Captain. Eight hundred GSC and Compensate.  One thousand GSC and climbing. (The crew react to increasing air All right! Whatever you're doing, turn it off! You win!  Pressure is gone, Captain. Space normal on hull.  Let's go, Bones. You in good voice?  Sure it's wise, Jim?  If we don't accept his invitation, we'll have a crushed eggshell Verbose, isn't he?  Insulted, Spock?  Insults are effective only where emotion is present.  Good. We'll tackle him together. We already know the questions. Tricorders.  Well, you're the A and A officer, aren't you? Archaeology, We're going to need help in all those areas.  Come on.  You know of Earth? You've been there?  You mentioned Agamemnon, Hector, Odysseus. How do you know about And I am the tsar of all the Russias.  Mister Chekov.  I'm sorry, Captain. I never met a god before.  And you haven't yet. Readings, Doctor.  Simple humanoid, Captain.  Evidently not so simple.  All right. We're here at your invitation. Would you mind telling Transporter room.  Enterprise, come in.  What is it you want?  If you want to play god and call yourself Apollo, that's your And you've got a lot to learn!  Mister Spock, I can't contact the landing party. All frequencies Try to break through it, Lieutenant.  Aye, sir.  Very efficient. Mister Sulu, rig all transmission circuits for Working, sir.  Lieutenant Kyle, I want a complete sensor scan of the planet.  Locate all the lifeforms. I want to know what's going on down To coin a phrase, fascinating.  Analysis. Lieutenant Palamas, what do you know about Apollo?  And this thing? (the temple)  I think the appearance of this is for our benefit. Bones?  I can't say much till I check our these readings. He looks Whatever he is, he seems to control a remarkable technology.  Power is what he controls. You can't do tricks like that without Fine, but what power, and where is it? Scout around with your Yes?  Bones, I wonder if five thousand years ago  You have a theory?  I have an idea. What if he is really Apollo?  What?  May I ask what you offer in exchange for this worship?  Apollo, we're willing to talk, but you'll find we don't bow to I would like to point out that we are quite capable of some I have four hundred and thirty people on that ship up there.  Leave her alone.  And so do you.  Scotty. (picks up the twisted and melted weapon) Very impressive. Captain, the phasers. All the working parts are fused.  She's not going with you.  Bones, how is he?  Stunned but coming around. I'm not sure it's wise to let her go He would have been rather difficult to stop.  You saw how capricious he is. Benevolent one minute, angry the Mister Chekov, I think you'd better continue your investigation.  Aye, aye, sir.  How do you feel, Scotty?  I am tingling all over. Did he take her with him?  It would seem so.  Captain, we've got to stop him. He wants her. The way he looks Mister Scott, I understand your concern over her, but she I'm able, sir.  And one more thing. I want no more unauthorised action against Aye, aye, sir.  Besides, you stiff-necked thistle head, you could have gotten Aye.  Scotty doesn't believe in gods.  Apollo's no god. But he could have been taken for one, though, Yes. To the simple shepherds and tribesmen of early Greece, Especially if they had the power to alter their form at will and Ready to reverse polarity, Mister Sulu?  Computed and standing by to generate, sir.  Activate all units.  No good, Mister Spock. We didn't even faze it. We're still locked Cut power, Mister Sulu. Lieutenant, we must restore I'm working, sir, but I can't do anything with this.  Oh?  I might be able to rig up a subspace bypass circuit.  Good. Do so. Sensor report, Mister Kyle.  And Apollo?  I've just picked up readings for our own people, sir.  Mister Spock, here's something. There seems to be a radiated Origin?  I can't seem to pinpoint it.  I would suggest, Mister Sulu, if you cannot find out where the The whole planet, sir? Yes, sir. The whole planet.  There is a repeated occurrence of Apollo has no difficulty focusing. He taps that energy, Mister Sir, some creatures can generate and control energy with no Not the whole encyclopaedia, Chekov.  The captain requires complete information.  Spock's contaminating this boy, Jim.  Are you suggesting that he, Apollo, taps a flow of energy and That would seem most likely, sir.  Mister Chekov, I think you've earned your pay for the week. But Number one on our list of things to do.  Is that all you have to offer?  Yes, except my estimation for his physical condition. In spite Bones, is it possible  Jim.  Where's Lieutenant Palamas?  You bloodthirsty Saracen, what have you done with her?  Scotty!  Not good. Severe shock.  All right, mister. You wanted worshippers? You've got enemies. Chekov, give me a hand.  Take care of Scotty.  Are you all right, Captain?  Where's Apollo?  He disappeared again like the cat in that Russian story.  Don't you mean the English story, the Cheshire Cat?  Cheshire? No, sir. Minsk perhaps, but  All right, all right, all right.  Sir, there is something I noticed. Apollo looked very strange Very good, Mister Chekov. That might very well mean something.  How do you feel?  I can't get my arm to move.  Some neural damage.  We've got to get out of here.  How?  Well, let's assume that five thousand years ago creatures like Makes sense.  Most mythology has its basis in fact. If I remember my ancient And Apollo's gone, after attacking you and Mister Scott. You Something like that. Remember, he's keeping a force field on the The trouble with overworking him is that it can get us killed.  If we can provoke him so that he strikes one of us again, there's I still say it can get us killed.  Not all of us, Bones. When he comes back, it's a chance we'll Progress report.  I'm connecting the bypass circuit now, sir. It should take Speed is essential, Lieutenant.  Mister Spock, I haven't done anything like this in years. If it I can think no one better equipped to handle it, Miss Uhura. Yes, sir. Right away.  Progress, Mister Sulu?  Sectors one through twenty five charted and examined. No chance Continue the search.  Aye, sir. Fourteen B by twenty six index.  Mister Kyle.  We're unable to break completely loose from this force field, To shoot through. It might also relieve Lieutenant Uhura's You know nothing about our kind. You know only our remote Mankind has no need for gods. We find the one quite adequate.  We're busy. (quietly) Look after the girl.  Go! Gather laurel leaves? You must be joking!  Kill a deer. That's the funniest thing I ever heard.  Lieutenant, get back.  We're tired of your phony fireworks!  Lieutenant!  Lieutenant!  Lieutenant.  And you will supply the herds of sheep, and the pipes we'll play, Captain, we've got to do something!  We were doing something until our brave lady stepped in and saved Any more good ideas, Jim?  Yes, I have. One more. And it depends on the lieutenant's Kirk to Enterprise, come in. Enterprise, come Carolyn. What's happened to her?  Scotty, I'll find out.  Perhaps if I assisted.  How old are you?  Twenty two, sir.  Then I'd better handle it. (goes over to a very satisfied looking Come over there. Well?  All right, Lieutenant, you can come down from Mount Olympus now. He thrives on love, worship, attention.  We can't give him that worship, none of us can. Especially you.  Spurn him. Reject him. You must. You're special to him.  Lieutenant. All our lives, here and on the ship, depend on you.  On you, Lieutenant! Reject him, and we have a chance to save Give me your hand. Your hand. (she does) Now feel that. Human Lieutenant. You have your orders and your duty.  I think we can try it now, sir. Enterprise Kirk here.  Spock here, Captain.   We've pinpointed a power source on the planet's surface Is there a structure of some sort near you?  There is indeed, Mister Spock.   The power emanates from there.  Very good. How are you doing on the force field?  We can negate sections of it, creating Well, that ought to do it. Have Sulu lock all Captain. I would recommend a discreet  I'd love to oblige you, Mister Spock, but we're not all If that structure is the source of his power,  Kirk out. Bones, do you think that mysterious organ in Well, it doesn't serve any other purpose I know of.  Captain, we've got to wait until Carolyn comes back before we Yes, I know. I know. Scotty. We'll wait.  What the devil is that?  (answers communicator) Kirk here.   Spock, Captain.  Sensors are picking up an atmospheric Stand by your phasers, Mister Spock. Prepare Captain, we've got to go and find her!  We've got to be here when he comes back.  But what if he doesn't. What if he  Scotty, just hold on!  Captain!  All right. The temple is his power source. Let's bring him back  Captain, you're too close.  Fire those phasers! That's an order, Mister Spock!  All phaser banks, fire!  All phaser banks, maintain firing rate!  More power to the shields.  Scotty!  All banks maintain firing rate.  Maintaining, sir.  We've out grown you. You asked for something we could no longer I wish we hadn't had to do this.  So do I. They gave us so much. The Greek civilisation, much of Oh, Captain. Got a minute?  A minute.  It's Spock. Have you noticed anything strange about him?  No, nothing in particular. Why ?  Well, it's nothing I can pinpoint without an examination, but That just sounds like Mister Spock in one of his contemplative Miss Chapel.  Captain.  What's this?  Oh! Vulcan plomeek soup, and I'll bet you made it too. You never It's all right. Carry on, Miss Chapel.  Bones, I'm a busy man.  Jim, when I suggested to Spock that it was time for his routine Spock said that?   What is this?   Poking and prying! If I want anything from you, I'll ask Captain, I should like to request a leave of absence on my home Spock, what the devil is this all about?  I have made my request, Captain. All I require from you is that All right, Spock, let's have it.  It is undignified for a woman to play servant to a man who is I'm more interested in your request for shore leave. In all the You have my request, Captain. Will you grant it or not?  In all the years that I've known you, you've never asked for a Captain, surely I have enough leave time accumulated.  Agreed, but that isn't the question, is it? If there's a problem No. Nothing of that nature, Captain.  Then since we're headed for Altair Six, and since the shore No! I must. I wish to take my leave on Vulcan.  Spock, I'm asking you. What's wrong?  I need rest. I'm asking you to accept that answer.  Bridge. Helm.   Yes, Captain?  Alter course to Vulcan. Increase speed to warp four.   Aye, sir.  Thank you, Captain.  I suppose most of us overlook the fact that even Vulcans aren't No. (looking at his shaking hand) We're not. Captain, something's coming in on the Put it on audio over here, Lieutenant.  Message complete, sir. Switching over.  Lieutenant Uhura, acknowledge that message.  Aye, aye, sir.  Mister Chekov, compute course and speed necessary for compliance. (a bit of a Russian accent) We'll have to head directly there Head directly for Altair Six. Sailor's luck, Mister Spock. Or, as I quite understand, Captain.  Bridge. Navigation.  [on monitor] Navigation. Chekov here.  Mister Chekov, how late will we arrive for the ceremonies if we [on monitor] I don't understand, Captain.  How far behind schedule will diverting to Vulcan put us?  [on monitor] We're on course for Vulcan, Captain, as Mister Thank you, Mister Chekov. Kirk, out.  Mister Spock. Come with me, please.  Deck five. You've changed course for Vulcan, Changed the course?  Do you deny it?  No. No, by no means, Captain. It is quite possible.  Then why'd you do it?  Captain, I accept on your word that I did it, but I do not know I'm trying to help you, Spock.  Ask me no further questions. I will not answer.  I order you to report to the Sickbay.  Sickbay?  Complete examination. McCoy's waiting.  Come in, Spock. I'm all ready for you.  My orders were to report to Sickbay, Doctor. I have done so. And My orders were to give you a thorough physical. In case you Examine me, for all the good it'll do either of us.  How do you figure it, Chekov? First we're I think I'm going to get space sick.  Jim, you've got to get Spock to Vulcan.  Bones, I will, I will. As soon as this mission is  No! Now. Right away. If you don't get him to Vulcan within a Why must he die? Why within eight days? Explain.  I don't know.  You keep saying that. Are you a doctor, or aren't you?  There's a growing imbalance of body functions, as if in our You say you're convinced he knows what it is?  He does, and he's as tightlipped about it as an Aldebaran Come.  Stay. McCoy has given me his medical evaluation of your It is a thing no out-worlder may know except those very few who No, I do not understand. Explain. Consider that an order.  Captain, there are some things which transcend even the Would it help if I told you that I'll treat this as totally It has to do with biology.  What?  Biology.  What kind of biology?  Vulcan biology.  You mean the biology of Vulcans? Biology as in reproduction? The birds and the bees are not Vulcans, Captain. If they were, I guess the rest of us assume that it's done quite logically.  No. No. It is not. We shield it with ritual and customs shrouded But you're not a fish, Mister Spock. You're  No. Nor am I a man. I'm a Vulcan. I'd hoped I would be spared I haven't heard a word you've said, and I'll get you to Vulcan  Lieutenant, get me Admiral Komack at Starfleet Command. Yes, sir.  Mister Sulu, you don't think  Maybe you ought to plot a course back for Vulcan, just in case.   Communication to Mister Spock. Lieutenant Uhura here. The Let me alone. Let me alone!  I'm aware of that, sir, but it's of the utmost importance. You I can't, sir, but believe me, I wouldn't make such a request  Sir, the delay would be, at most, a day. I can hardly believe Well, that's that.  No, it's not. I know the Altair situation. We would be one of You can't go off to Vulcan against Starfleet orders. You'll be I can't let Spock die, can I, Bones? And he will if we go to Bridge. Navigation.  Mister Chekov, lay in a course for Vulcan. Course already plotted. Laying it in, sir.  I see. Very well. Carry on, Mister Chekov. Miss Chapel.  I had a most startling dream. You were trying to tell me Your face is wet.  Vulcan. Miss Chapel.  Yes, I know, Christine. Would you make me some of that plomeek Bridge.  It is obvious that you have surmised my problem, Doctor. My Will I? You've been most patient with my kinds of madness.  Then would you beam down to the planet's surface and stand with Is it permitted?  It is my right. By tradition, the male is accompanied by his Thank you, Mister Spock.  I also request McCoy accompany me.  I shall be honoured, sir.  Captain. We're standing by on Vulcan hailing Open the channel, Lieutenant. Vulcan Space Central, this is the This is Spock.  T'Pring, parted from me and never parted, never and always She's lovely, Mister Spock. Who is she?  She is T'Pring. My wife.  This is the land of my family. It has been held by us for more He called it Koon-ut what?  He described it to me as meaning marriage or challenge. In the They still go mad at this time. Perhaps it's the price they pay It's lovely. I wish the breeze were cooler.  Yeah. Hot as Vulcan. Now I understand what that phrase means.  The atmosphere is thinner than Earth.  I wonder when his T'Pring arrives.  The marriage party approaches. I hear them.  Marriage party? You said T'Pring was your wife.  By our parents' arrangement. A ceremony while we were but seven Bones, you know who that is? T'Pau. The only person to ever turn T'Pau. Officiating at Spock's wedding?  He never mentioned that his family was this important.  They are not outworlders. They are my friends. I am permitted This is Kirk.  Ma'am.  Leonard McCoy, ma'am.  With my life, T'Pau.  What is it? What happened?  (pointing at T'Pau's bodyguard) With him?  Spock?  We'll stay.  Ma'am, I don't understand. Are you trying to say that she Think Spock can take him?  I doubt it. Not in his present condition.  T'Pau.  My friend does not understand.  He does not know. I will do what I must, T'Pau, but not with I burn, T'Pau. My eyes are flame. My heart is flame. Thee has What happens to Spock if I decline?  You can't do it, Jim.  I can't?  No. She said their laws and customs were not binding on you.  And you said Spock might not be able to handle him. If I can In this climate? If the heat doesn't get you, the thin air will. If I get into any trouble, I'll quit. And Spock wins, and honour Jim, listen, if you  Bones. He's my first officer and my friend. I disregarded I accept the challenge.  What do you mean, if both survive?  Now wait a minute, ma'am. Who said anything about a fight to the These men are friends. To force them to fight until one of them Spock! No!  Is this Vulcan chivalry? The air's too hot and thin for Kirk. (holding up a hypo) I can compensate for the atmosphere and the You're going to have to kill him, Jim.  Kill Spock? That's not what I came to Vulcan for, is it? What's It's a tri-ox compound. It'll help you breathe. Now be careful!  Sound medical advice.  Get your hands off of him, Spock! He's finished. He's dead.  McCoy to Enterprise.   Enterprise. Lieutenant Uhura here.  Have the transporter room stand by to beam up the landing party. Yes. I'll follow you up in a few minutes. You will instruct Why the challenge, and why you chose my captain as your I see no logic in preferring Stonn over me.  Logical. Flawlessly logical.  Stonn. She is yours. After a time, you may find that having is I shall do neither. I have killed my captain and my friend. Doctor, I shall be resigning my commission Spock, I  So I would appreciate your making the final arrangements.  Spock, I  Doctor, please, let me finish. There can be no excuse for the Don't you think you better check with me first?  Captain! Jim!  I'm pleased to see you, Captain. You seem uninjured. I am at Blame McCoy. That was no tri-ox compound he shot me with. He Indeed.  Nurse, would you mind, please?  Spock, what happened down there? The girl? The wedding?  Ah, yes, the girl. Most interesting. It must have been the Kirk here.  Captain Kirk. Message from Starfleet Relay it, Lieutenant.  Response to T'Pau's request for diversion of  Hereby approved. Any reasonable delay Well, a little late, but I'm glad they're seeing it our way. How There's just one thing, Mister Spock. You can't tell me that Merely my quite logical relief that Starfleet had not lost a Yes, Mister Spock. I understand.  Thank you, Captain.  Of course, Mister Spock, your reaction was quite logical.  Thank you, Doctor.  In a pig's eye!  Come on, Spock. Let's go mind the store.   Can you pinpoint it any closer, Lieutenant?  Sir, we're now within the limits of System L-370, but I can't Captain, sensors show this entire solar system has been But that's incredible. The star in this system is still intact. Nonetheless, Captain, sensors show nothing but debris where we Continue a search pattern.  Aye, aye, sir.  Entering limits of System L-374, sir. Scanners show the same Every solar system in this sector blasted to rubble and still no Captain, the two inner most planets of this system appear to be Try to raise it, Lieutenant.  I have it on the sensors, Captain. By configuration, a starship Sensors not recording normal energy output.  Approach course, Mister Sulu.  It's the Constellation. Look at that.  She may have been wrecked by whatever destroyed these solar She was attacked. Red alert! Red alert! Man your battle stations! Mister Sulu?  All phaser banks manned and ready, sir.  Very good. Initiate a full sensor scan of the immediate area for Aye, sir.  Lieutenant Palmer.  Keep trying. Mister Spock, full evaluation of the damage to the All power plants dead, reserve energy banks operative at a very Life support systems?  Also operative at a low power level. The entire Bridge is Radiation levels?  Normal, but subspace interference makes readings difficult.  No other vessels in the area, Captain. All scanners show clear.  All hands, go to Yellow Alert. Stand by battle stations. We're going to board her. Mister Spock, you're in command.  Acknowledged.  The whole communication system looks to be shorted out, too, Scotty, check the phaser banks. See if they've been fired. Bones, Come along, lads.  No clutter, no half-empty cups of coffee. I don't know, lad. But I want a full structural and control The crew wasn't abducted, they just left.  Enterprise, Spock here.  No survivors, no bodies either.   Is it possible they could have beamed Improbable, Captain. The surface temperature of the inner planet We'll continue our search. Kirk out.  Captain, I've checked the engines. The warp drive is a hopeless Phaser banks?  Exhausted. They didn't give up without a battle.  But where are they? I can't imagine a man like Matt Decker Computer system is still intact. We can playback the duplicate Matt. Matt, it's Jim Kirk.  Commodore? Commodore Decker? (he injects him)  Matt? Matt.  What happened to your ship, Matt?  What thing? What was it?  Answer me! What was it? What happened, Matt?  Jim, give him a minute. He's in a state of shock.  Ready with the duplicate log, sir.  Go.  The fourth planet. Only two left now. Scotty, pull the microtapes What happened to your crew?  What hit? What attacked you?  Matt, where's your crew?  There is no third planet.  Captain, Washburn has our report.  Go.  Deactivated? Scotty, could some kind of general energy dampening Aye, that all adds up. But what sort of a thing could do all What does it look like?  What is it, an alien ship? Or is it alive, or is it  Matt, your log stated that the fourth planet was breaking up. You Did you run a scanner check on it? What kind of a beam?  (answers communicator) Kirk here.   Spock here, Captain.  Unable to raise Starfleet Command due to  Attempting to remedy.  What about the Constellation's tapes?  She was attacked by what appears to be A robot weapon that purposely destroys entire Unknown, Captain. However, Mister Sulu has  What is the projected course of this thing?  If it follows its present path, it will go through the most Thank you. Stand by, Mister Spock. Kirk out.  This whole thing's incredible. A robot? A machine like that, who We don't know. An alien race, apparently from another galaxy.  But why?  Bones, did you ever hear of a doomsday machine?  No. I'm a doctor, not a mechanic.  It's a weapon built primarily as a bluff. It's never meant to be Take it easy.  The first thing we're going to do is get you back to the There's no ship to leave. It's a dead hulk! We'll take her in Kirk to Enterprise. Have the transporter room beam Doctor McCoy  Red alert! Red alert!  Come on.  It came up on us fast, Captain, but we seem  We're blind here. What's it look like?  It looks very much like Commodore Decker's planet killer. And it We are more manoeuvrable, but it is gaining on us. Sensors  No evidence of life, subspace Whatever it is, we can't let it go beyond us to the next solar I would say none, Captain. The energy  I also believe the nature of this It's closing on us, Mister Spock.  Closing, Captain.  All right. Lower your deflector screens Long  Acknowledged.   Transporter Room, stand by to beam Evasive action, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir.  Damage report, all stations.  Affect repairs. Captain Kirk, come in please.   Kirk here.  Captain, we've been attacked. The transporter is damaged. We're  Damage in communications, Captain. Spock? Spock? Come in, Spock. Spock? We're stuck, blind, and And paralysed. No power.  Well, we just can't stand around while our ship is being I can't repair warp drive without a spacedock.  Then get me impulse power. Half-speed, quarter-speed, anything. Aye, the impulse engines are still in fair shape. I might coax Then get moving.  Come on, lad.  Washburn, you get in there. Let's see what we can do about this No casualties, Mister Spock. How are we We have outrun it, Doctor.  Impulse and warp engines operative, transporter and In plain, non-Vulcan English, we've been lucky.  I believe I said that, Doctor.  It's veering off, back on course for the next solar system. The Evidently programmed to ignore anything as small as a ship I am aware of the Rigel system's population, Commodore, but we Mister Sulu, you will lay in an evasive course back to the Aye, aye, sir.  You will carry out my last order, Mister Sulu.  You have the right to do so, but I would advise against it.  You tried to destroy it once before, Commodore. The result was a Sensors show the object's hull is solid neutronium. A single You can't let him do this, Spock.  So are you, sir. Well, Spock?  Unfortunately, Starfleet Order 104, Section B, leaves me no To blazes with regulations! You can't let him take command when If you can certify Commodore Decker medically or psychologically I'll certify that right now.  You'll also be asked to produce your medical records to prove Now, you know I haven't had time to run an examination on him.  Then your statement would not be considered valid.  What about the Captain? We can't leave  Spock, do something!  Aye, aye, sir.  Kirk here.  Captain, the impulse engines' control  What about the warp drive control circuits?  Aye, we can cross-connect the controls, but it'll make the ship You worry about your miracles, Scotty, I'll Aye, sir.  Washburn, try the 2G6 circuit.  Closing fast.  Deflector shields at full power. They can't take much more of Aye, aye, sir.  Deflectors holding, but weakening. We must retreat, Commodore. Ready to give it a try?  Scotty, how you doing?  Controls are all hooked up, sir. We should Yes, I think (an image of tiny Enterprise and the giant planet Direct hit. It just bounced off.  Commodore, I urgently recommend immediate withdrawal.  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in. Enterprise, come Coming, sir. If I push these impulse engines Washburn, get down to Engineering. Assist Scotty, push it right to the edge. This ship has got to  Aye, sir.  Sir, deflector shields are gone.  It has ceased fire. We're being held in a tractor beam. We're We have lost warp power. If we don't break the tractor beam That, sir, is illogical. It is suicide. Attempted suicide would Emergency impulse power.  We can't break loose!  We need more power.  We haven't got it. We're being pulled inside.  Scotty, give me that power.  You've got it, Captain. Just enough to move That'll do. Full ahead, Mister Scott.  That's it, Mister Scott. Keep that power coming.  Aye, sir. We still can't move.  Keep pouring it on, Scotty.  Captain, I still don't know what we're We're moving, the Enterprise isn't. Maybe Phasers? You've got 'em. I have one bank Scotty, you've just earned your pay for the We're loose, Commodore.  Mister Scott, it worked. Great. (sees that It's closing fast on the Constellation.  Standing by, sir.  Commodore, I suggest  We're moving away, Commodore.  This machine seems to have a programmed defensive sphere. Any Warp drive and deflectors will be out for a solar day. Repairs It's closing with us again, sir.  It's sucking in space rubble from those destroyed planets. We can maintain this speed for only seven hours before we Illogical. We cannot destroy it. Therefore, we cannot save Can you raise Starfleet?  On audio, Lieutenant.   Enterprise. Enterprise, come in.  Matt. What's going on? Give me Mister Spock.   What happened to Spock?  You mean you're the lunatic who's responsible for almost Give me Spock.  There's only one thing I want to say to you,  Mister Spock, ship status.  Commodore.  Warp drive out. Deflector shields down. Transporter under How long to repair warp drive?   At least one solar day.  At our present rate of consumption, we'll It's gaining on us, sir.  Take evasive action, Mister Sulu.   Not with my ship, you don't.  Mister Spock, relieve Commodore Decker Blast regulations! Mister Spock, I order you Commodore Decker, you are relieved of You may file a formal protest with Starfleet Command, assuming Vulcans never bluff.  Captain, I have assumed command.   Good. Now, Mister Spock  One moment, sir. Commodore. I believe you are scheduled for You will accompany the commodore to Sickbay.  Mister Sulu, change course. Seven zero mark two one.  Mark twenty one, sir.  Captain, we are taking an evasive course back to you. We will Fine. Just make sure you stay ahead of it.   Captain Kirk.  Yes, Scotty.  I've hooked in ship's communication. The Keep it going, Scotty, keep it going. Mister  Yes, sir.  I'm plotting an intercept course. Will rendezvous with you at Mister Spock, someone's opening the Shut them, Mister Sulu.  It's too late, sir.  Kirk to Enterprise. Why are you launching a Whoever it is, Captain, has no Commodore, I must insist that you return to This is Kirk. Matt, you'll be killed.  No one expects you to die for an error in You cannot succeed, Commodore. Your only Matt. Matt, listen to me. You can't throw  We need you, your experience, your We're stronger with you than without you!  He's gone. Constellation, come in, please.   Captain Kirk, come in please.  Kirk here.  Sir, may I offer my condolences on the death It's regrettable that he died for nothing.  Mister Spock, sensors indicate a minute drop  What about that, Spock? Is it possible?  The drop in power is definite, Captain but negligible. The Transporter operational, Captain. Shall we beam you aboard?  Negative.   Mister Scott and I will stay here, but There's little to be gained by staying aboard the Constellation. Except possibly the destruction of that thing Acknowledged. Transporter Room. Beam damage Spock, listen. Maybe Matt Decker didn't die No, sir. Ninety seven point eight three five Ninety seven point eight three five. Will it Negative, Captain. Its hull is pure Not through it, Spock, from inside it. Will Insufficient data. I shall try to take Do the best you can and make it fast. Kirk to Here, sir. The damage control party just Good. Scotty, can you set the ship's impulse Aye. The shape the thing's in, it's hard to I want you to rig a thirty second delay Aye, sir.  Set it and get up here as fast as you can.   Right away.   Captain?  The object's neutronium hull makes sensor Spock, you don't know?   Correct.  Captain, you're getting dangerously close to I intend to get a lot closer. I'm going to Jim, you'll be killed, just like Decker.  No. No, I don't intend to die, Mister Spock. Your chances of survival are not promising. A calculated risk, Mister Spock.   There's another factor, Captain. The transporter is not Thirty seconds is very slim timing.  A chance I'll have to take. Kirk out.  A cranky transporter's a mighty finicky piece of machinery to be What about the detonator?  I've linked it in with the impulse control system. (flips a Understood. Mister Spock. Prepare to beam Scotty on board.   Transporter, stand by.  Good luck, Captain.  Thank you.  What's the matter with that thing?  It'll never work like this. It's the main junction circuitry. Transporter is out, Captain. You'll have to I can't. Power level's dropping too fast.  Acknowledged.   Mister Scott, speed is of the essence.  He's two thousand miles from the planet Bridge, transporter operational, but this jury-rigging won't  I'll stand by here.  Fifteen hundred miles and closing.  Captain, transporter operational, but just barely.  Prepare to beam me aboard on my signal.  One thousand miles and closing.  Transporter, stand by.  Five hundred miles and closing.  Beam me aboard.  Energise.  Och, what's wrong with it?  Gentlemen, beam me aboard.   We can't, Captain. Transporter is out again.  Mister Scott, twenty seconds to detonation.   Mister Scott?  Mister Scott   Try inverse phasing.  Sixty, fifty, forty   Thirty.  Gentlemen, I suggest you beam me aboard.  Ten   Nine, eight  Seven.   Mister Scott?  Try her now, Mister Kyle.   Six.   Five, four  Energy output zero. Radiation level normal.  Welcome aboard, Captain. Sensors show all energy sources Mister Sulu, ease us back to minimum headway. Conserve power as Indeed, Captain. I presume your log will show that Commodore Indeed it shall, Mister Spock. Ironic, isn't it? Way back in the Appropriate, Captain. However, I can't help wondering if there Well, I certainly hope not. I found one quite sufficient.  Captain, I think I'm going to like Argelius.  Obviously a man of good taste.  You mean to tell me all these women, that all this is  Yes, yes, yes. The Argelians think very highly of their pleasure. That's an understatement if I ever heard one. This is a Do you like her, Scotty?  Aye. Why shouldn't I?  Good. I've invited her to join us at the table. I thought you Now that's what I call a real Captain. Always thinking of his Scotty, Scotty. In Argelius they use the lights.  Now no one has to tell an old Aberdeen pub-crawler how to Have one of our pillows?  'Tis a fine foggy night tonight, and I doubt if anyone's ever Well then, why don't I show you? There's nothing like a walk in You don't mind, do you? I might even get back to the ship on We won't leave without you, Scotty. Relax and enjoy yourself. My work, Jim. This is prescription stuff. Don't forget, the Physically he's all right. Am I right in assuming that?  Oh, yes, yes. As a matter of fact, considerable psychological He seems he's overcoming his resentment.  Of course, in my professional opinion, when he gets back to the Mission accomplished as far as Scotty is concerned. Bones, I know Oh yes. I know the place. Let's go.  She's dead, Jim.  Stabbed, a dozen times.  We're just as shocked as you are, Mister Hengist.  You're not a native of Argelius, sir?  I, I don't remember.  Scotty, you left the cafe with the girl. Do you remember that? We were walking in the fog. I was up ahead trying to lead the Scotty, you've got to remember.  Jim. (they move off a little way) If he says he can't remember, I know a murder's been committed.  You don't think by any chance that Scotty  It doesn't make any difference what I think.  But you don't just throw him to the wolves.  Bones, I have a diplomatic responsibility. This happened under But he's suffering from a severe concussion.  We'll do what we can.  Yes. Mister Hengist, there were other people in the cafe about What's the law in these cases?  The Argelian empathic contact?  Yes, we've heard of it. I assumed it was a lost art.  Depending on your wife's empathic abilities is all very well, Prefect, it will give us a detailed account of everything that's Kirk to Enterprise.  Enterprise. Spock here.  Mister Spock, beam down a technician with a Acknowledged. Co-ordinates received.  Kirk out.  Prefect, the psycho-tricorder will require privacy to be Well, that would be most unfortunate. Argelian hospitality is Lieutenant, I want a twenty four hour regressive memory check Scotty, co-operate completely with Lieutenant Tracy. Maybe we'll I certainly hope so, sir. I can't stand this not knowing. Captain, under normal conditions, Scotty would have never done But that blow on the head. It could put all his previous Of course, there's another possibility.  Explain.  Hysterical amnesia. When a man feels guilty about something, The knife? No.  Scotty.  She's dead, Jim. Just like the other one.  Stabbed over and over again.  Go ahead, Scotty.  Lieutenant? Captain? Where's  Lieutenant Tracy is dead, Scott. You were found alone in the Dead? But I  What happened down there?  I was sitting there. She was taking her readings, and now I'm Is that all that happened?  I tell you, I don't remember. I must have passed out.  It could be, Jim. That head injury.  That head injury. Think, Scotty.  Captain, I've been trying. I can't even believe this is really There's no way into that place from up here. Prefect, is there Locks can be picked, Jim.  Check it.  Where've they been during the past few minutes?  There's been another murder, Hengist. One of my crew.  Stabbed. And there's no sign of the weapon.  You. You were a musician at the cafe. You played for the murdered And you. You left the cafe before Scott and Kara.  Did you know Kara?  Jealousy has often been a motive for murder.  Sorry, Jim. The lock may or may not have been picked. It would Can you prove you went directly home?  Well get on with it, man. Just don't stand there.  Well of course I'm trying to save my friend, if he's innocent. On one condition, Prefect. That the room be sealed so that no one Captain, you mean my neck is going to have to depend on some Kirk here.   Spock here, Captain. May I have a word with you?  Yes. Excuse me, gentlemen. (moves away from the group) Yes, Concerning the situation you related to us. What do you suggest, Mister Spock?  Simply that we beam Mister Scott on board These are a proud people. They have their own Quite clear, Captain.  I don't like it any more than you do, Spock, Three murders, and Scotty the only possible answer each time.  I don't care what the circumstances indicate, Jim. Scotty simply Normally, no, but that blow on his head could  No, Captain.  Scotty, I'm sorry. You don't even remember whether you did it or But not responsible.  We can prove it, if he's insane.  That's what we hope to find out, sir.  Sir, I swear to you I did not kill your wife or the other Mister Hengist. On the Enterprise, we can make a recording of the There would be no room for doubt. We would know. And after all, Aye.  No doubt will remain.  Aye. I understand. Each testifier will sit here, place his hand Mister Scott, will you take the stand?  Computer, identify verification.  Working. Lieutenant Commander Montgomery Scott. Serial number Subject's present physical condition.  Working. Subject recently received severe blow on skull. Sufficient abnormalities to account for periods of functional Working. Negative.  Captain, I don't see how that can be.  Unless Scotty's lying about his loss of memory.  I'm not lying, Captain. I don't remember a thing about the first Computer, accuracy scan.  Subject relaying accurate account. No physiological changes.  Captain? I didn't black out when Mister Jaris' wife was killed.  All right, Scotty, let's have it.  We were holding hands. When the lights went out, the circle was Something? You mean someone.  No, Captain, some thing. Cold, it was, like a stinking draught Computer.  Subject relaying accurate account. No physiological changes.  All right. Let's hit it on the head. Scotty, did you kill Sybo?  No, Captain. That I'm sure of.  Scotty, lie to me. How old are you?  Twenty two sir.  Inaccurate. Inaccurate. Data in error.  After the lights went out, Mister Scott, who was holding your Morla on the one side and you on the other, sir.  The verifier showed that he was telling the truth when he said he Mister Scott. Did you kill Kara?  I don't remember.  Did you kill Lieutenant Tracy?  I don't remember.  Computer, accuracy scan.  Subject relaying accurate account. No physiological changes.  After we take the testimony here, we'll run a psycho-tricorder There will be no error. As for the rest of it, the readings will We can ask no more. Mister Morla, will you take the stand?  Where were you at the time that Kara was murdered?  Anger is a relative state, sir. Were you angry enough to do Did you kill Lieutenant Tracy?  Did you kill Sybo?  Computer, verification scan.  Subject relaying accurate account, though some statements All right, Mister Morla, I think you can step down now. Sybo Sensitivity of certain Argelian women is a documented fact, All right, then, what was it she said, exactly? A monstrous evil, That devours all life and light.  She said something else, words that didn't make sense.  Yes. Redjac, Beratis and, er, Kesla.  Obscure, meaningless words.  To us, perhaps, but to the computer?  Ah. Mister Spock, check them out.  Computer, linguistic bank. Definition of following word. Redjac. Working. Negative finding.  There is no such word in the linguistics bank?  Affirmative.  Scan all other banks.  Working. Affirmative. A proper name.  Define.  Redjac. Source Earth, nineteenth century. Language, English. Jack the Ripper?  Yes, all men die. And Jack the Ripper couldn't be alive if he Humans and humanoids make up only a small percentage of the life We know that someone or something killed three women. If it's Sybo said it feeds on death.  In the strict scientific sense, Doctor, we all feed on death. Yes, but she said more than that. Not just death, but fear. She Which would tend to support the proposition that the murderer No, Mister Hengist, not ghosts. Possibly not human, but not Computer, digest log recordings for past five solar minutes. The Drella of Alpha Carinae Five derives nourishment from the Computer, extrapolate most likely composition of such entity.  Working. To meet with specified requirements, entity would exist Computer, could the described entity assume physical form?  Affirmative. Precedent, mellitus, cloud creature of Alpha No, I've seen the mellitus myself. In its natural state, it's I point out that Jack the Ripper slew at will in the heart of Doesn't seem likely, does it?  I suggest the possibility of a hypnotic screen, which blinds all Extremely possible There are many such examples that exist in All right, Mister Spock, what do we have? A creature without And I suspect preys on women because women are more easily and Computer. Criminological files. Cases of unsolved mass murders of Working. 1932. Shanghai, China, Earth. Seven women knifed to Captain, those places are aligned directly between Argelius and Yes. When man moved out into the galaxy, that thing must've moved Working. Kesla. Name given to unidentified mass murderer of You come from Rigel Four.  No, but what we're investigating is. Would you mind taking the I can appreciate your position, sir. You are in charge of civil Just after you left Jaris' house, we discovered the murder knife And you were unaccounted for when Lieutenant Tracy was murdered.  An entity which feeds on fear and terror would find a perfect Perhaps. Mister Spock. The murder weapon.  Computer. Report on analysis of Exhibit A.  Working. Exhibit A on visual. Composition of blade, boridium. Specify. Point of origin.  Artefact produced by hill people of Argus River region, Now then, Mister Hengist  He's dead, Jim.  But that's impossible.  The computer will not respond to these controls. The entity is And the computer controls the ship.  Scotty, give me a hand. (They prop Hengist up on a chair, It's no use, Captain. The bypass circuits are blocked.  Audio cut off, Spock.  Captain!  It means that thing can control the entire operation of the ship, Indeed, it will try, but not immediately. We know it feeds on All hands, this is the captain. Stay at your posts. Remain calm. I've got some stuff that would tranquillise an active volcano.  Good. Start distribution immediately. The longer we can hold back Spock, don't you have a compulsory scan unit Yes we do, Captain, but with the entity in control  Aren't there certain mathematical problems which simply cannot be Indeed. If we could focus the attention of the computer on one That ought to do it.  Spock!  Apparently our friends learned very quickly.  Too quickly. Bridge.  Freefall!  Out of control. Put it on manual. Bridge.  That was due to be next. Life-support malfunction.  We don't have much time, Captain.  You said it yourself, Spock. It wants terror, not just death.  Captain, the life-support system override All right. Man your station, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir.  Cut that thing off.  Try and cut that thing off.  This is the first time I heard a malfunction threaten us.  Man your post, Mister Sulu. (to all the crew) Prepare your manual Aye, sir.  Spock.  Normal environmental levels have been restored, Captain, but it That should be enough time. Let's get at it.  What's going on, Captain?  Never mind, Mister Sulu.  Tranquilliser?  Everyone, including yourself.  Spock?  Proceeding, Captain, but I will need some time.  Yes, I know.  If you destroy this ship, you destroy yourself.  It is attempting to generate terror, Captain.  Captain? (gets his injection, and grins) Who ever he is, he sure Man your post, Mister. If any of the other systems go out, switch With an armful of this stuff, I wouldn't be afraid of a Ready.  Implement.  Computer, this is a Class A compulsory directive. Compute to the As we know, the value of pi is a transcendental figure without Yes, that should keep that thing busy for a while. The Argelians I wonder who it is we're not supposed to be afraid of.  Well, sir?  I doubt very much whether the computers will be inhabited by more There is resistance, Captain, but the directive is succeeding. If you drive it out of the computers, it'll have to go somewhere How are you doing?  I'm almost finished. Just Jaris and me.  Complete computer control, Captain. The entity has fled.  Yes, but where to? Bones, what would happen if that thing entered Well, it might take up knitting, but nothing more violent than You say everyone's had a shot but you and Jaris?  And you and Mister Spock, Captain.  Well, I'm willing to take a chance on Mister Spock. Better give No, I don't think so. I think I ought to stay clear.  Do as I say.  Extend your arm, Mister Jaris.  You'd better be careful. You're going to hurt somebody with that Let's get him to the Transporter Room, quick!  Deep space. Full power. Widest angle of You do it, Spock.  Well, Jaris is all right.  What did you do with that thing, Captain? Did you send it back No. We beamed it out into open space, Scotty. Widest possible That thing can't die.  Possibly, Doctor. Its consciousness may continue for some time, But it will die finally. You seem very happy about the whole Why not? For a while there I didn't know whether I was innocent Bones, how long will it take for this tranquilliser to wear off?  I don't know. Five or six hours. I gave them a pretty big shot, Yes, I can see that. Well Mister Spock, for the next five or six Captain, since you came to Argelius to rest, I suggest you take That's a splendid idea, Mister Spock. I know a cafe where the I know the place, Jim.  Let's go see!  You, gentlemen? In your condition? Don't be ridiculous. Mister Gentlemen.   Any response from the Malurians, Lieutenant? Nothing since their original distress call, sir.  What about the Federation science team working there? Doctor There's nothing, sir. I'm scanning all frequencies.  They have to answer.  Captain. They will not answer. The long-range sensor sweep of That can't be. The last census reported a total inhabitation of I register no life readings at all, sir.  That's impossible. What could have happened?  We would have known in advance of any system-wide catastrophe, Any other possibilities?  Unknown, sir. Sensor readings would have revealed the presence Captain, shields just snapped on. Something heading in at Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Sulu.  An extremely powerful bolt of energy, Captain.  Full power to the shields, Mister Scott.  Giving them all we got.  All hands, Red Alert. Phaser banks stand by. Photon torpedoes to It's going to hit.  Shields still holding, sir.  Good.  Temporarily, Captain. Our shields absorbed energy equivalent to Ninety?  I may add, the energy used repulsing this first attack reduced First attack, sir?  I think we can expect others, Lieutenant.  We can resist three more such attacks. The fourth will shatter Mister Spock, pinpoint the source. Mister Sulu, evasive Aye, sir.  Lieutenant, contact Starfleet Command. Patch in my log. Tell them Helmsmen, I said evasive manoeuvres.  We're losing power, sir.  Scotty?  I'm having to divert the warp engine power into the shields, Mister Spock, speed of those bolts.  Approximately warp fifteen, Captain.  Then we can't out run them. Good, Scotty. You're doing the right Unknown, Captain. Nothing within sensor range. (a third bolt That's our target, Mister Sulu. Prepare photon torpedo.  Shields still holding, sir, but the drain on the engines is Photon torpedoes armed, sir.  Has the target changed location, Mister Spock?  No, sir. Holding steady.  Ready photon torpedo number two, Mister Sulu.  Ready, sir.  Fire.  Torpedo away. (a pause, then a flash) Direct hit.  No effect. Target absorbed full energy of our torpedo.  Absorbed it? There must be damage to your instruments, Spock .  They are in good working order, Captain.  But what could have absorbed that much energy and survived? Aye, sir.  Sir, they've fired another.  Can we take it, Mister Scott?  That's problematical, sir.  Captain, shields are down. We cannot survive another hit.  Anything, Lieutenant?  I'm trying, sir.  Translator computer. All hailing frequencies open.  Aye, sir. All hailing frequencies open.  To unidentified vessel. This is Captain James Kirk of the USS Computing now, Captain. Weight, five hundred kilograms. Shape, Five hundred kilos and only one metre long?  What kind of intelligent creatures can exist in a thing that Intelligence does not necessarily require bulk, Mister Scott.  Captain, we're getting a signal from the spacecraft.  Put it on audio, Lieutenant.  Yes, sir. It's impossible to get it any clearer, sir.  Analysis sector. Have them study and decode it.  Analysis sector, channel one, main computer. Decode.  Captain, this message is a sort of binary. Extremely Can you decode it?  No clue as yet, Captain. A moment. Transmission speed has It's mathematical. Yes, one symbol. The symbol repeat. Sir, that Fascinating.  Repeat what? The message I sent?  It would seem so, Captain.  This is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. We are on a It's another signal now, sir.  It's a formula, Captain. They're sending us a mathematical Tie in the ship's translator to the communication channel. Let Aye, Captain.  Cut power, Lieutenant. Overloaded and burned out.  I guess they can take it faster than we give it.  Captain, the message is coming in now.  Apparently they got what they needed before the computers burned Nomad?  It is impossible to come aboard your ship because of the size We are prepared to beam you aboard our ship.  Do you require any special conditions, any particular atmosphere Good. Hold your position. We're locked onto your co-ordinates. Captain, you're not really bringing that thing in here?  Do we have any choice, Scotty? Besides, once it's aboard, it Doctor McCoy to the transporter room. Maintenance crew C5.  They've got the co-ordinates, Jim. It's Energise.  Energising.  Sensor readings, Mister Spock.  Negative, Captain. It has a protective screen. I cannot get What do we do now, go up and knock?  We are from the United Federation of Planets.  If we show it a close-up view of our system, it has no point of A reasonable course.  If you care to leave your ship, we'll provide the necessary life Jim, I don't think anybody's in there.  In my opinion, that's a machine.  It is reacting much like a highly sophisticated computer.  An opinion is a belief, a view, a judgment.  What's your source of power?  Wasn't there a probe called Nomad launched in the early 2000s?  Yes. It was reported destroyed. There were no more in the I will bring them.  This way.  Now, Scotty, get our warp power up to full capacity.  Aye, sir.  Spock, Bones, come with us.  Chart 14A, sir?  14A. (a diagram of our solar system comes up on a screen) Nomad, This is our point of origin, the star we know as Sol.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  What sterilisation procedure?  Well, I'm not the Kirk. Tell me what your function is.  Yes, he is.  Sometimes, but tell him your function nevertheless.  Biological infestation. There was never any probe sent out for I believe the history computer can answer that question. I'll Did you destroy the Malurian system?  Unstable infestation? The population of four planets? What kind Doctor. Why do you call me the creator?  Well, I  The usage is correct. The creator was simply testing your memory Mister Singh. Come here a moment. This unit will see to your I'll be back in a moment. Gentlemen, come with me.  You're on to something, Spock. What is it?  I've correlated all the available information on the Nomad Ridiculous. Earth science couldn't begin to build anything with True.  Nomad was destroyed.  Presumed destroyed by a meteor collision. I submit that it was I heard some lectures at the Academy on the Nomad probe. Its  Bridge to auxiliary control room. Check in, please.  Mister Scott's engineers are working on them now.  Report  Anything else?   Holding. (singing while Singh checks some boards) Where my This is the creator of Nomad, perhaps the Of course. Jackson Roykirk.  Jackson Roykirk. Captain James Kirk.  Yes. Similar. Captain, I believe that Nomad thinks you are What do we have on Nomad itself, Spock?  (looking at the schematic on the monitor) That's not the same.  Essentially it is, Doctor. I believe that more happened to it Its purpose was certainly altered. Its directive, to seek out and As I recall, it wasn't. It was supposed to be the first Precisely, Doctor. And somehow that programming has been If what you say is true, then we've taken aboard our vessel a This is the captain. The mechanism we brought aboard is in the Captain, Mister Singh reports that Nomad is no longer in the Security, cancel that order. Implement a full search for the Where my heart is, Where a scented miracle  (whispering) Bridge to Captain.   Captain here.  That mechanical beastie is up here.  On my way, Scotty.  Tomorrow the path along the way, There's where my love  What?  I don't know what it. (realises) Oh, my singing. I was singing.  I don't know. I like to sing. I felt like music.  Lieutenant! Keep away from that  Scotty!  Bones.  He's dead, Jim.  Why did you kill him?  That unit was my Chief Engineer. (silence) Lieutenant. Sickbay. What did you do to her?  That unit is a woman.  Get Scott down below.  He's dead.  His biological functions have ceased.  There's nothing I can do, Jim. If there's a chance, it'll have All right, Nomad. Repair the unit.  Well, he'll need tapes on general anatomy, the central nervous Nomad, I have arranged the tapes for flash feed at the top speed It serves me as it is, Nomad. Repair it.  The body is in Sickbay.  Doctor McCoy will show you.  Security. I want a twenty four hour, two man armed surveillance I could have told you that without looking.  What are the lot of you staring at me for?  It's unbelievable.  Fascinating.  How did I get here? How did I (sees Nomad)  It's all right.  That thing did something to Lieutenant Uhura!  Scotty, she's being taken care of. It's all right.  Take it easy. Lie down, Scotty. We just want to check you out.  I'd like to check it out, if you don't mind. A man is not just a What did it do to me?  Doctor McCoy will explain it to you.  Well, Doctor?  Nurse, I want him prepared for a full physical examination.  Nomad, come here. Repair that unit.  You restored Scott. He had much more extensive damage.  Captain, if that is correct, if there has been no brain damage Bones?  Yes. I'll get on it right away. Oh, and in spite of the way you Does the creator wish Nomad to wait elsewhere?  Yes. Nomad, you will go with these units. (the two red-shirts) Doctor, I interrupted you because Nomad would not have That's a laugh.  The study of it would be of great use, Captain.  It's a killer, Spock. I intend to render it harmless. Get down to Yes, sir.  What's the problem?  An almost human stubbornness, Captain. I have been unable to Nomad, you will allow Mister Spock to probe your memory banks and Yes.  Follow your instructions, Nomad.  Thank you.  See the dog. See the dog,  R, r, run!  The dog has a, The dog, (something)  (Swahili, then) The dog has a ball.  All right, Christine.  How's she doing?  Well, she checks out with no brain damage. We've got all the The ball is bl-u-ee. Bl-u-ey. Bluey?  It is not sufficient, Captain. I get certain We've got to know about it, Spock. what makes it operate, its Captain, I suggest the Vulcan mind probe.  Get into direct mental contact with that thing?  It seems the only way.  You saw what it did to Uhura.  There is a risk, but I have formed a partial hypothesis. I must Nomad, the unit Spock will touch you. It is not an attack. It is I. Am. Nomad. I am performing my function. Deep emptiness, It Spock. Spock! Nomad! You're in contact with the unit Spock. Stop! Spock. Spock?  Fascinating, Captain. The knowledge. The depth.  What does it mean, we are Nomad?  It was, it was damaged in deep space. Undoubtedly, the meteor Then it isn't Nomad?  Not the Nomad we lost from Earth. It took from the other a new A changeling.  I beg your pardon?  An ancient Earth legend, Mister Spock. A changeling was a fairy And it has the power and sophistication to do it.  Yes, it's powerful, it's sophisticated, but it's not infallible. And that is the only thing that has saved us until now.  Notify the captain. What are you doing here? Watch your panels, Aye.  How are you doing that?  Throw your dampers.  Cut your circuits, all of them.  Impossible. It can't go that fast.  Nomad, stop what you're doing. Scotty?  You will destroy my ship. Its structure cannot stand the stress Mister Scott, give Sulu warp two and keep her there.  Aye, sir.  Captain. I've examined the brig. The forcefield door on the You killed two of my  Nomad, it's about time I told you who and what you are! I'm a Nomad, there are two men waiting outside. You will not harm them. I have given you new programming and you will implement it.  Reevaluate?  I suspect it is about to re-evaluate its creator. Captain, it It was a foolish mistake.  Even worse. Nomad just now made a reference to its launch point, Spock, do you think it's possible that it got a fix on Earth when I do not believe there is much beyond Nomad's capabilities.  And we've shown it the way home. And when it gets there  It will find the Earth infested with imperfect biological units. And it will carry out its prime directive. Sterilise.  Captain Kirk to Sickbay. Emergency.  Manual controls.  No response.  Nomad. Nomad? Stop. Nomad, stop! Nomad.  Is she all right?  I think so. Looks like some kind of shock.  What happened?  Nomad examined the personnel files and the medical histories. Whose history?  Yours.  Since it specifically examined your history, I suggest it has And found that its creator is as imperfect as all the other  Bridge to Captain.  Kirk here.   Life support systems are out all over the ship.  Manual override has been blocked. Source, Nomad.  Undoubtedly.  Jim, with all the systems out we'll only have enough air and Get Scotty, some antigravs and meet me in Engineering.  Nomad? Stop what you're doing and effect repairs on the You're programmed to obey the orders of your creator.  Nomad, I admit that biological units are imperfect, but a No, you're not Nomad. You're an alien machine. Your programming But I am your creator.  I created you?  But I admit I'm imperfect. How could I have created such a Then you will continue to destroy that which thinks and lives and You must sterilise in case of error?  Everything that is in error must be sterilised.  Nomad, I made an error in creating you.  I did not create perfection. I created error.  I am the Kirk, the creator?  You are wrong! Jackson Roykirk, your creator, is dead. You have You are flawed and imperfect! Execute your prime function!  Now. Get those antigravs on it.  We've got to get rid of it while it's trying to think.  Your logic was impeccable, Captain. We are in grave danger.  Scotty, the transporter room.  Scotty, set the controls for deep space. Two ten, mark one.  Aye, sir.  Nomad, you are imperfect!  Exercise your prime function.  Now!  Energising.  My congratulations, Captain. A dazzling You didn't think I had it in me, did you Spock?  No, sir.  I thought you might like to know that Lieutenant Uhura is back Good, Bones, good.  Remarkable.  What?  The destruction of Nomad was a great waste, Captain. It was a Which might well have destroyed more billions of lives. It's well Sir?  Well, it thought I was its mother, didn't it? Do you think I'm Start your readings.  Well, I just might stake out a claim and settle down here, Jim.  It is spectacular, isn't it?  It's a shame to have to intrude.  Well, the last scout ship reported some pretty strange sensor The soil here is remarkably rich and fertile, Captain. Husbandry Are you sure about that?  Oh, quite sure. Readings indicate the entire planet is covered I know. Almost impossible.  It makes me homesick. Just like Russia.  More like the Garden of Eden, Ensign.  Of course, Doctor. The Garden of Eden was just outside Moscow. Just outside Moscow. All right. There's a village about seventeen Dead.  What did somebody say? That paradise must've looked like this? As soon as we get out of the way, beam the Aye, Captain. It's a shame about Hendorff.   We seem to have a problem here, too.  What is it?  We're losing potency in our antimatter pods. What's causing it?   I'm not sure, sir, but we've run measurements on the But you say there's nothing to worry about?  Well, sir, I didn't exactly say that.  Well, stay on top of it. We've got a job to I hear it's nice down there.  Yeah, it's nice. If we're a little more I could do with a nice walk in a garden with We'll do the walking, Scotty. You get on the I find that most unusual, Captain.  Scotty will handle it. We've got a job to do. Turn up anything on Indeed. Subsurface vibrations for miles in all directions.  That's strange.  Quite strong, fairly regular, artificially produced.  Mallory.  We're heading for the village. Avoid contact with the humanoids. Captain.  What is it?  There's a humanoid hiding directly behind us, moving with What is it, Mister Spock?  A visitor. One wanting to retain his anonymity, I should say.  If you insist on worrying, worry about me. I've been wanting to Mister Chekov, Yeoman Landon. I know you find each other I was about to take some readings.  Anything?  Whatever it is, it moves like a cat.  Jim, I don't like this.  Neither do I. All hands. We've been watched, we'll probably be Interesting. Extremely low specific gravity, some uraninite, Would you mind being careful where you throw your rocks, Mister Obviously highly unstable, Captain. This could be a find of some Garden of Eden, with land mines.   Enterprise to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Scott, sir. Our antimatter pods are completely inert.  I couldn't stop it, but I know why.  Why?  Something from the surface. It's like a pail  And it's pinpointed in the area of that We're heading there now, Scotty. You need any help?  There's nothing you can do about it, sir.   There doesn't seem to be any immediate All right, Scotty. We'll try and find out what's going on down If Scott is correct about the force from the surface, it may Some kind of generator?  If so, an immense one. Probably subterranean.  What's that?  Some of the thorns like those that killed Hendorff. See the Peculiar stuff to find in paradise.  (noticing a plant moving) Jim!  Spock! Spock! Security alert. Is he alive?  I filled him with enough masiform D to make the whole crew turn Kirk to Enterprise.   Scott here, sir.  We're beaming up. Notify transporter room. And make arrangements Aye, aye, sir. Transporter room, stand by to All hands.  Standing by, sir.  Energise.  Energise.  Scotty, energise. Scotty, what's the matter?  We can't make transporter contact, sir. The Scotty, is the transporter malfunction tied I don't know, sir. I'll check it and get back with you. Scott Spock. Are you all right?  Doctor McCoy's potion is acting like all his potions, turning my If your blood were red instead of green, you wouldn't have an Just what do you think you were trying to do?  I surmised you were unaware of that plant, so I  Stepped in front and took the thorns yourself.  I assure you, Captain, I had no intention of doing that. It was I see. Well next time, just yell. I can step out of the way as I shall do so.  Trying to get yourself killed. Do you know how much Starfleet has One hundred twenty two thousand two hundred  Never mind. But thanks. Kaplan, take the post.  Not only is something after us, but it's after the ship as well.  Captain, to affect the ship at this extreme range would require Thirty seconds ago, there wasn't a cloud in the sky.  Come on!  Phasers. A beautiful day, Mister Spock. Not a cloud in the sky. Kirk here.  Mallory. Mallory, you all right? Come in!  Mallory. Mallory, you all right? Mallory!  Captain. Those co-ordinates are a short distance in that On the double.  Mallory! Marple, stand back! Watch it! The rocks! (kneeling by Jim, you couldn't have stopped any of this.  His father helped me get into the Academy.  Captain. In each case, this was unavoidable.  I could've prevented all of it.  I don't see how.  A walk in paradise, among the green grass and flowers. We You are under orders to investigate this planet and this I also have the option to disregard those orders if I consider No one has ever stated that Starfleet duty was particularly Marple, Chekov, at attention. Gentlemen, something or someone is Mister Chekov, your tricorder readings are totally inefficient!  Mind your own business, sir! For your information, I have a Ensign, I will not have you address me in that tone of voice!  What do you want, violence?  I won't hurt you. Do you understand? I won't hurt you.  Well, I won't strike you again. You've been following us, Who is Vaal?  Do you have a name?  They're not going to hurt you. I promise you. Akuta, Akuta, we Captain, this is fascinating. If you will permit me, sir?  Antennae?  You speak of the people of Vaal. Are they nearby?  Enterprise to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.  Condition red. Condition red. Captain,  Like a giant tractor beam, and we can't Scotty, are the warp drives still out?  Aye, sir. All we have is impulse power.  Put it on maximum. Full emergency circuits.  They're all on, Captain.   Status, are you still holding?  Kyle?  Computer banks, Kyle. Feed in a rate, get me a figure. We might  We're like a fly on fly paper. Even We're starting to lose ground. Hurry up on Maintain full reverse thrust against the I've done that, Captain. They haven't been  We'll only be able to maintain full Scotty, you're my Chief Engineer. You know everything about that  You're fired.  I'll do everything there is to do, sir. Scott out.  Tell me about Vaal.  Take me to him. I wish to speak to him.  I'll take my chances.  Fascinating. A very high order of But this is not the centre, Mister Spock.  No, Captain. The centre is deep in the earth beneath us. This is A force field?  Obviously.  You all right?  Yes, quite. It extends some thirty feet beyond the figure in all Akuta, how do you talk to Vaal?  Well, we can't get to it. We can't talk to it unless it wants to When does he get hungry?  Where are the others?  The children.  Little ones like yourselves. They grow.  Well, there goes paradise.  Well, thank you. It does something for you.  Yes, indeed it does, Captain. It makes me uncomfortable.  Yes. Spock. I am Spock.  I fail to see what they find so amusing.  Now we're welcome. A while ago this whole planet was trying to Nothing makes sense down here. Kirk to Enterprise.   Scott here.  Status report, Scotty.  No change, Captain. The orbit is decaying I'm sick of hearing that word can't. Get that Sir, we're doing everything within Then use your imagination. Tie every ounce of Sir, I'm going to switch over everything but Do it. Kirk out.  Incredible.  Report.  I just ran a thorough check on the natives, and there's a I see. Opinion.  Quite possible. It checks with my atmospheric analysis. Their Add to that a simple diet, a perfectly controlled temperature, no Mister Spock.  Apparently, our hypothesis is correct. There is no living being Well, the field's down, people are going in. Let's see what kind That's not the way.  Evidently not. This is no ordinary machine, Captain. It may well But it needs to eat. Frequently. So it can't have any great power That may not be of any help. The Enterprise has only ten hours What happens if Vaal weakens around feeding time? Spock, check Acknowledged.  What's going on, Jim?  Mess call.  In my view, a splendid example of reciprocity.  It would take a computerised Vulcan mind such as yours to make Doctor, you insist on applying human standards to non-human There are certain absolutes, Mister Spock, and one of them is Another is their right to choose a system which seems to work Jim, you're not just going to stand by and be blinded to what's Doctor, these people are healthy and they are happy. What ever It might work for you, Mister Spock, but it doesn't work for me. Gentlemen, I think this philosophical argument can wait until our Scotty, sir. We have a reading on the power Did it maintain, Scotty?  No, sir. Power's dropping bit by bit. Good. Keep monitoring. How are you coming We're putting everything but the kitchen That's cutting it a bit fine, Scotty.  Aye, but if we don't break out, I'd rather Kirk out.  Yeoman, you're wasting energy.  Sit down, and have something to eat.  That hasn't happened yet. I wonder what would happen? Yeoman, Accidents happen.  They'd need a replacement. Opinion, Mister Spock?  I see no alternative.  Mister Spock? You're the science officer. Why don't you explain Well, I believe it's safe, (cough) safe to assume that they From a machine? That I'd like to see.  Any place we can be together is paradise.  I don't know.  Martha, I don't know. But if we do have to stay here, would it I am concerned, Captain. This may not be an Bones was right. These people aren't living, they're existing. If we do what it seems we must, in my opinion it will be in These are people, not robots. They should have the opportunity of Starfleet Command may think otherwise.  I'll take my chances. Why don't you have a look around? Kirk to  Here, sir.  How's it going, Scotty?  Almost ready, sir. We need half an hour yet. You realise that within forty five minutes, I know that. As you said, that's cutting Yes, I  Captain!  Kirk out. What is it?  Disturbing. The people of Vaal seem to have disappeared.  Force field, Captain.  Vaal, we are on a peaceful mission. We mean no harm to you or Variation in impulses, Captain. I believe it is reading us. A Let's get out of here!  Bones!  Second degree burns. Not serious, but I'll bet they smart.  Doctor, you have an unsurpassed talent for understatement.  Marple!  Put them in the hut. Find out where the women are. Put them in The good doctor was concerned that the Vaalians achieved true We're ready here, sir. All available power All right, Scotty, put her in full reverse. Full reverse, Mister Kyle, all engines.  Captain, we're doing it. We're pulling away!  Scotty, what happened?   Captain, we've pulled away a little. We There's nothing left to try again. I guess You're fired. Four hundred people  Jim  They'll die because I couldn't see a warning sign. I had to Get back in there.  Fine time to ring the dinner bell.  Get back in there. Now!  Bones, that's it. Stay with Chekov. Keep those people from Scotty, do you still have phaser power?  Aye, but what   Lock all banks on the co-ordinates of the energy field On my command, commence firing on those Aye, sir, but they won't penetrate that If my guess is correct, they won't have to. Readings are getting weaker, Captain. Wide Tapping its energy cells.  I would assume so.  Good. The ship's pulling away must have weakened it considerable. If it had to reinforce its energy field to ward off a phaser My plan exactly. Scotty.  Scott here, sir.  Scotty, commence firing and maintain.  Mister Kyle, all phasers commence firing.  A tremendous upsurge in generated power, Captain. Obviously Vaal Good. Let's see how long he can do it.  Scotty, cease fire.  No power generation at all, Captain. Vaal is dead.  Mister Scott, status report.  Tractor beam gone. Potency returning to  I'll have all engineering sections Scotty, you're re-hired. As soon as the transporter's fixed, form You'll learn to care for yourselves, with our help. And there's The little ones? Look like you? Just go on the way you're going. I don't agree with you at all, Mister Spock. That's not unusual, Doctor.  Jim, I want you to hear this.  Captain, I'm not at all certain we did the correct thing on We put those people back on a normal course of social evolution. Well, that's a good object lesson, Mister Spock. It's an example Captain, you are aware of the biblical story of Genesis.  Yes, of course I'm aware of it. Adam and Eve tasted the apple and Precisely, Captain, and in a manner of speaking, we have given Doctor, do I understand him correctly? Are you casting me in the Not at all, Captain.  Is there anyone on this ship who even remotely looks like Satan?  I am not aware of anyone who fits that description, Captain.  No, Mister Spock. I didn't think you would be.   We have shown the council historical proof that our missions are I admire your ethics and hope to prove ours. Kirk to Enterprise.   Spock here.  Report on magnetic storm, Mister Spock.  Standard ion type, Captain, but quite Rough ride?   If we stay.  Stand by to beam up landing party.   Plot an extended orbit to clear Comply, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir. When may we resume discussion?  But we won't. Consider that. Enterprise. Transporter room, Spock was right. It was a rough trip.  At norm, Mister Kyle. Controls at neutral.  Status of mission, Captain?  No change.  Standard procedure, Captain? (Kirk nods) Mister Sulu, you will  Yes, Mister Spock.  Their military capability, Captain?  None.  Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide. Mister Kyle, Carelessness with the equipment cannot be tolerated.  Your agoniser.  Your agoniser, please.  Mister Scott, the storm has caused some Yes.  Due to your error, Mister Kyle?  Possibly a result of the severe storm. Captain, do you feel any Yes. Doctor McCoy, you'd better look us over. That was a rough Yes, sir.  Mister Spock, have those transporter circuits checked.  Captain, what is all this?  How did we get in these  Not now. Not now.  What is this? Everything's all messed up and Captain, what's happened?  No, not everything. That spot, I spilt acid there a year ago. I don't know. It's our Enterprise but it isn't. Maybe  Maybe what, Captain?  Any of you feel dizzy when we were in the transporter beam?  Yes.  Aye.  When we first materialised.  I did.  It happened twice. First we were in our own transporter chamber, Captain, the transporter chief mentioned a surge of power. The Yes, here. Not our universe, not our ship. Something parallel. A Another Captain Kirk, another Doctor McCoy, another  An exchange. If we're here  Then our counterparts must have been transporting up at the exact What about the Halkans? We can't let them be destroyed.  Scotty, can you buy me some time. Get below and short out the Aye, sir.  Then get on this technology. It's all we have to work with if we Aye, sir.  Lieutenant.  Yes, sir.  Get to your post. Run today's communication from Starfleet Yes, sir.  Bones.  Captain, I'm  Uhura, you're the only one who can do it. I'll be right there.  Yes, sir.  Bones. Let's take a look at the library. We have a lot to learn.  Mister Chekov, phaser setting for planetary Co-ordinates seven one two stroke four, Mister Sulu.  Port batteries locked.  Still no interest, Uhura? Hmm? I could change your mind.  You are away from your post, Mister.  Is the captain here? Is Spock here? When the cat's away  Communications status.  No storm damage, sir. All stations report normal. (quietly) Phasers Locked on target A, Captain. Approaching optimum range. Stand by, Mister Sulu.  I've been ordered to check phaser couplings for possible damage Captain's orders.  Never mind. I'll attend to it.  Kirk here.  Phaser report, sir. No damage.  Very good. Thank you, Mister Scott. Kirk out. Planet's rotation is carrying primary target beyond arc of Shall I correct orbit to new firing position?  No.  Lock on to secondary city.  Aye, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura, contact the Halkan council. I wish to talk to Yes, sir.  Captain?  This is a new race. They offer other things of value besides But we cannot expect their co-operation. They have refused the Secondary target now moving beyond our phaser lock.  Put phasers on standby, Mister Sulu.  A serious breach of orders, Captain.  I have my reasons, and I'll make them clear to you in my own good Captain, I have the leader on the Halkan Council waiting on It is useless to resist us.  You have twelve hours to consider your position.  We will level your planet and take what we want. That is We will not argue. Twelve hours. No more. Close communications. Aye, sir.  Twelve hours, Captain? That is unprecedented.  I shall be in my quarters. Lieutenant Uhura, have Doctor McCoy Captain, you've placed yourself in a most grave position. This You're at liberty to do so, Mister Spock.  Deck five, sir?  (holding a phaser on Kirk) So you die, Yes, he did your job.  Get him out of here.  All right. You're working for me.  You're in line. You might even make captain.  Not on my ship.  Yes, the booth. Carry on.  Here. Here. What's this?  It's called blood. Watch your step. The officers move up by Mister Sulu is Security Chief, like the ancient Gestapo.  And my Sickbay is a chamber of horrors. My assistants were Report on technology.  Mostly variations in instrumentation. Nothing I can't handle.  Star readings?  Everything's exactly where it should be, except us.  Let's find out where we stand. Computer.  (a male voice) Ready.  This is the Captain. Record security research, to be classified Recorded.  Produce all data relevant to the recent ion storm. Correlate Affirmative.  At such a moment, could persons in each universe, in the act of Affirmative.  Could conditions necessary to such an event be created Affirmative.  Record procedure. Scotty, can you do it?  Not by myself. I'll need help. And you'd be too conspicuous.  I'm a doctor, not an engineer.  Now you're an engineer. I'll have to tap the power we need from Jim, the way this ship is run, what kind of people are we in Let's find out. Computer.  Ready.  Read out official record of current command.  Captain James T. Kirk succeeded to command ISS Enterprise Cancel. Now we know.  Captain? We can do it.  Good.  We have to lay in the automatic transporter setting, but when we I'll tell Uhura to create a diversion to distract Sulu, at your Jim, if we're here, what do you suppose our counterparts doing On our Enterprise. 2 I order you, Let me go! Traitors! Spock, get these men off me!2 What are you doing, Spock? 2 You traitorous pig. I'll hang you up by your Vulcan ears. I'll I think not. Your authority on this ship is extremely limited,2 Has the whole galaxy gone crazy? What kind of a uniform is this? I can answer none of your questions at this time. 2 All right, Spock. Whatever your game is, I'll play it. You want Apparently some kind of transposition has taken place. I find it2 Spock. What is it that will buy you? Power?  Fascinating. 2 Power, Spock? I can get that for you!  Captain, I am pleased that you frustrated Why?  I do not desire the captaincy. I much prefer my scientific Logical, as always, Mister Spock.  The agony booth is a most effective means of discipline. I I haven't decided.  Indeed. His act warrants death.  I said I haven't decided.  That is, of course, your affair. Captain, may I inquire if you You heard my orders.  They are, of course, in contradiction to standard Empire Is that a threat?  I do not threaten, Captain. I merely state facts. I have found Spock, do you think we should destroy the Halkans?  Terror must be maintained or the Empire is doomed. It is the Conquest is easy, control is not. We may have bitten off more Captain, I do not wish to find myself opposing you, but if you Is my concern, not yours. You would find me a formidable enemy.  I'm aware of that, Captain. I trust that you are aware of the Release Chekov. Confine him to quarters.  That ought to hold him for about six hours.  He gambled, I won.  I was preoccupied.  Further than that, if I'm successful.  Kirk here.  Mister Spock, Captain.   Yes.  I have received a private communication from Starfleet Command. Yes, Mister Spock.  I am instructed to wait until planet dawn And if I don't?  In that event, I am ordered to kill you and I don't intend to kill him.  No, but I'll avoid killing Spock.  I'll get out of his way.  Yes.  It's not that bad.  Well, if you don't take advantage of your opportunities  I'll see to it that the circumstances of his failure will clear How does Marlena want to fit in?  Scotty.  Scotty here, sir.  We have to get out of here within three We've got another deadline, too, sir.   Explain.  The two-way matter transmission affected the local field density How fast?  Half hour at the most.  If we miss?   We couldn't get out of here in a century. We're ready to You've got to get down there and free the  I've got to complete a few more All right. I'll be in the transporter room in ten minutes. I'll Aye, sir.  Computer?  ready.  Explain computer activity in the engineering section.  A security research is in progress.  Who is conducting the research?  The Captain and Mister Scott.  What is the nature of the research?  Programme is classified under voice index log.  Why are you monitoring my communications, Mister Sulu?  My security board has detected extensive use  It's not hard to guess the nature of He's working on escape or defence.  That is my concern.  Correct. It's your play. I hope you succeed, If I am successful, you see yourself a step I've never seen perfection, but no woman could come closer to it. I still do.  I've got to go.  You don't have to do that.  You could. (She turns to slap him.) I simply meant that you could You're the Captain's woman until he says you're not.   Yes, Captain.  Scotty's signal should be coming through any moment. You know  I've got a pretty good idea, sir.  Keep Sulu's attention off that board.   I'll do my best, sir.  Good luck. Kirk out.  You aren't very persistent, Mister Sulu. The (wrapping his arms around her naked waist) Now you're making I was getting bored. Of course this isn't the time.  Any time's a good time.  I'm afraid I changed my mind. Again.  You take a lot of chances, Lieutenant.  (drawing her dagger) So do you, Mister. So do you. Take over for Mister Scott, all clear. On my way to Now it's up to the captain.  Please restrict your movements, Captain.  What are you doing? Are you going to shoot me now, Spock? I I shall make that decision. Since your return from the planet, Shoot. You're wasting time.  I shall not waste time with you. You're too inflexible, too You're running a big risk, Spock.  I have the phaser, Captain, and I do not intend to simply Yes, of course. The entire landing party. How much time, Scotty?  Hardly fifteen minutes, sir. The field density between the two Help me get him on the table. Well, come on. Help me get him on Everything laid in, Scotty? The time lag so the operator can get All laid in, sir. Come on, McCoy! We're taking a chance of not We'll get home. This won't take long.   Fourteen minutes. We've got to go!   Shut up? I can save his life.  Do you want me to stop, Jim? It'll only take He is very much like our own Mister Spock, isn't he? You've got  A little time, he'll live.  What is this, Mister Sulu?  Mister Spock has orders to kill you, Captain. He will succeed, Captain, we've barely got ten minutes.  Let's go, Bones.  I can't let him die, Jim. You get on to the transporter room. No longer.  I guarantee it. Now, go on, please.  (sitting up and grabbing McCoy's arm) Why did the captain let me Our minds are merging, Doctor. Our minds are one. I feel what A friend. Activate the transporter. You saved us back at Sickbay I can't. I'm sorry. Our power is balanced for four. There's no It's working, sir.  One is coming. I'd help you if I could, Marlena. Believe that.  If you kill us, you'll still stay.  Where's McCoy? Time, Scotty.  Five minutes, sir.  The power's cut, sir. They're on to us.  Auxiliary.  Aye, it's available.  Can you bridge to your setup?  I can get us the power, but the automatic setting is linked to One of us will have to stay.  I'll stay, Captain.  Get to the transporter chamber. You, too, Uhura.  Jim.  That's an order, Scotty.  Aye, Captain.  McCoy.  I cut the transporter power. It was necessary to delay your Engineering, re-activate main transporter circuits.  You're a man of integrity in both universes, Mister Spock.  You must return to your universe. I must have my captain back. I In that time I have something to say. How long before the Halkan Approximately two hundred and forty years.  The inevitable outcome?  The Empire shall be overthrown, of course.  The illogic of waste, Mister Spock. The waste of lives, You have one minute and twenty three seconds.  If change is inevitable, predictable, beneficial, doesn't logic One man cannot summon the future.  But one man can change the present. Be the captain of this Captain, get in the chamber!  What about it, Spock?  A man must also have the power.  In my cabin is a device that will make you invincible.  Indeed?  What will it be? Past or future? Tyranny or freedom? It's up to It is time.  In every revolution, there's one man with a vision.  Captain Kirk, I shall consider it.  Spock.  Welcome home, Captain.  What I don't understand is how were you able It was far easier for you as civilised men to behave like Probably. However, that Jim Kirk will find a few changes, if I Jim, I think I liked him with a beard better. It gave him What worries me is the easy way his counterpart fitted into that Indeed, gentlemen. May I point out that I had an opportunity to I'm not sure, but I think we've been insulted.  I'm sure.  Lieutenant, er, Lieutenant?  All right, Lieutenant. Carry on.  You've met her before, Captain?  Uh, why do you ask?  Your reaction, One of recognition.  Oh, no. No, no. We haven't met before, exactly. She just seemed a Where is everyone?  Perhaps they weren't expecting us.  Our arrival was scheduled well in advance, Doctor. The annual I had a subspace contact with a Robert Johnson, the leader of Did he report anything wrong?  No, yet there was something wrong. I can't pin it down. His Captain! Captain! Captain! Captain!  What is it?  A man, sir. In there. A dead man.  Well?  Exactly what it looks like. Death by natural causes. Old age.  Quite impossible, Doctor. I ran a personnel check on this I'm Captain Kirk of  I say I'm Captain Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Who are you?  How old are you? How old are you?  Mister Johnson, can you hear me?  Can you tell me what happened?  Did your instruments show anything?  He can hear you, Jim, but he doesn't understand. Let's let him (to nurse) If they seem lucid, I'll be in the briefing room.  Stay seated. Commodore Stocker, I've asked Doctor Wallace, as an expert in endocrinology, I'd appreciate you Doctor McCoy, would you fill them in?  The expedition is suffering from extreme old age, and they're What about the atmosphere and environment, Mister Spock?  Sensors reveal nothing which is inimical to human life. The We're close to the neutral Zone between our Federation and the I have already begun investigation into that possibility, Good. I want you all to check out everything in your own Yes, Commodore. We'll do everything we can to make sure you make Doctor, is there something I can do for you?  How long has it been?  Well, it's been a long time. Things wouldn't change if it started Well, I supposed that you met someone you loved.  And in your field as you. You didn't give up a thing.   Captain Kirk, Mister Spock would like to see you on the I'm on my way.  Standard orbit, Captain.  Maintain.  I've rechecked the sensors, Captain. Gamma Hydra Four checks out What about the comet that astrophysics reported?  We're checking it on it. I've reached no conclusions as yet. The Yes, Commodore.  Thank you. You're anxious to get to the base, but we have a few You already gave that command, sir.  Oh? Well, follow it. Lieutenant Galway.  Of course. Go right ahead.  It's probably nothing important.  Well, don't worry about it. Perhaps a little hypersonic Progress report, Mister Spock.  [on monitor] All research lines negative, Captain.  Astronomical section reports that a comet recently passed by. [on monitor] I'm doing that, Captain, as per your previous Oh, yes. Let me know what you come up with. I'll be in the [on monitor] Acknowledged.  The last one. Robert Johnson. Cause of death, old age.  You did what you could.  Which adds up to absolutely nothing.   Doctor McCoy, this is Scott. May I come All you need are vitamins, but you can come up anyhow.  Bones, I believe you're getting grey.  You take over my job and see what happens to you.  I see what you mean.  What's your problem, Jim?  Shoulder. Just a twinge. Probably muscular strain.  You're probably right, Doctor. By the way, I don't like how All right. Reprimand received. Go ahead.  Jim, I think we better'd run a complete physical on you.  Why? Just muscular strain, isn't it?  No, Jim. It's advanced arthritis, and it's spreading.  That's impossible.  I can run it through again, but I'll come up with the same Scotty! Report, Bones.  All of us who went down to the surface, with the exception of Spock, could I ask for some figures?  (looking about the same as usual) Based on what Doctor McCoy Total senility?  Yes, Captain. In a very short time.  What a way to die. All right. I want all the research facilities, I'm doing what I can. (to Spock) You're perfectly healthy.  (sitting up) I must differ with you, Doctor. I'm having I did not say you weren't affected, Mister Spock. You are Captain, can I go back to my station?  You feel up to it?  Of course I do. I just need a wee bit of rest, that's all.  You can leave, too, Lieutenant Galway. Lieutenant Galway?  Yes, I spoke to you. I said that you could leave, too. Now why Lieutenant Galway, assume your position. Start your duties.  She's ten years younger than I am, and she looks,  People age normally at different speeds, Jim.  Why hasn't he aged?  I don't know.  Well I want to know! Is it his youth, his blood type, his His genes. All right, nurse. Prepare Chekov for another complete Promises.  Then try that, Doctor Wallace. Try anything, but do it quickly.  I'll be on the Bridge. Keep me posted as to Chekov.  I thought you were on your way to the biochemistry lab, Doctor.  So we do.  You sound like my first officer.  That didn't spring from logic.  When did you realise that? Today?  How much older was your husband than you?  Answer me.  That's quite a difference.  Look at me. Look at me. What do you see?  And old. And rapidly growing older.  What are you offering me, Jan? Love, or a going away present? Give us some more blood, Chekov. The needle You'll live.  Oh, yes. I'll live, but I won't enjoy it.  Maintaining standard orbit, Captain.  Increase orbit to twenty thousand perigee, Mister Sulu.  Aye, aye, sir.  Yeoman. (picks the pen up) You have a reason for being on the I have very little time.  We're going to be late. I don't intend to leave this area until Yes, yes. If you're so concerned, I'll send a message to Starbase Captain, you sent such a message this morning.  Yeoman? Where's that  Fuel consumption report?  If I'd signed it, I wouldn't have asked for it, now would l?  Captain, I believe (notices, and wakes him gently) Captain. Mister Spock. I was just thinking.  Yes, sir. Quite understandable.  You have something to report?  Yes, sir. We have the cause of the affliction.  What is it?  The orbit of Gamma Hydra Four carried the planet directly Good, Spock. Well done. Let's get this to Doctor McCoy But, Captain, the Romulans have broken Code two. If you remember Then use Code three.  Yes, sir. Code three.  Message. Key to affliction may be comet which passed by Gamma (consulting PADD) Quadrant four four eight, sir.  Quadrant. All units are to be alerted for complete analysis of Aye, sir.  Oh, Mister Sulu. Increase orbit to twenty thousand mile perigee.  You mean another twenty thousand, Captain?  I fail to understand why each one of my commands is being Mister Sulu, what is our present position?  Orbiting at twenty thousand, sir.  Maintain.  Maintaining, sir. Radiation? That's as good an answer as any, Possibly, Doctor, because my thinking processes are not as (to Wallace) Run this through, Doctor.  All right, Bones, I'm going up to the Bridge. Keep me posted. I have a question for the doctor. (Kirk leaves) Doctor, the Well, I see I'm not going to be making any house calls on you.  I wondered if perhaps there was something which could lower my I'm not a magician, Spock, just an old country doctor.  Yes. As I always suspected. (leaves)  Well, then we just start over, that's all. We work harder, Commodore?  I am aware of that.  For what, sir?  On what grounds, Commodore?  Need I remind you, sir, that I too have contracted the same I'm half human, sir. My physical reflexes are down, my mental Sir, I do have duties to perform.  I resist that suggestion, Commodore.  Very well, sir. The hearing shall convene at fourteen hundred Now this isn't going to hurt a bit.  That's what you said the last time.  Did it hurt?  Yes.  Bones.  She's dead. Her metabolism caused her to age more rapidly than How long have we got, Bones?  Oh, a matter of days. Perhaps hours.  Let it read that this competency hearing was Let it also read that I consider it invalid.  On the contrary, Commodore. As presiding officer and as second Yes, I would like to make a statement. I am the captain of this It is quite impossible, Captain. The regulations are quite Very kind of you, Spock.  Mister Sulu, how long have you served with Captain Kirk?  Two years, sir.  To your knowledge, has he ever had any difficulty making No, sir.  Did he order you to maintain standard orbit around Gamma Hydra Yes, sir.  Did he not, several minutes later, repeat that order?  Yes, sir.  Did he order you to increase orbit?  Yes, sir.  Did he not several minutes later repeat that order?  He did not. When I give an order, I expect it to be obeyed. I Mister Sulu, please answer the question.  Yes, sir. Captain Kirk repeated his order.  Thank you, Mister Sulu. Yeoman Atkins, you handed Captain Kirk a Yeoman, you will simply answer the question.  You guess?  Thank you, Yeoman. You may leave. Lieutenant Uhura. I have here They are.  And whose initials are those which appear directly below yours?  Those of Captain Kirk.  Did Captain Kirk ask you to send a message about the comet which He did.  Using Code two.  Oh, yes, but he changed it to Code three.  After you reminded him that the Romulans had broken Code two.  Yes.  Thank you, Lieutenant. Doctor McCoy, Doctor McCoy!  (waking up) Yes, Spock? What is it?  Several hours ago, at the request of this board, you ran a I did.  Medical banks, compute described subject's physical age, using Working. Subject's physical age based on physiological No, I'm thirty four. I'm thirty four years old.  Doctor McCoy.  Yes.  Will you give us your professional evaluation of Captain Kirk's Captain Kirk is suffering from a, a peculiar physical Is not his mental capacity degenerating even more rapidly?  Yes, yes, but he's a better man right now  Doctor, you heard the computer's analysis of Captain Kirk's It's a blasted machine, Spock! You can't argue with a machine.  Do you agree with it, Doctor?  Yes. Yes, I do, agree. And I am sorry, Jim.  This board has no further questions. Unless you, Commodore Do you wish to call any witnesses, Captain Kirk?  I am perfectly capable of speaking in my own defence, Mister Captain, I would suggest  No, no, no. It's all right, Spock. It's all right. There's only Gamma Hydra Four, Captain.  Yes. A slip of the tongue.  You're inability to remember having given commands, reading and So I'm a little confused. Who wouldn't be at a time like this? My We have no more questions, Captain.  Ask me anything. Anything.  There'll be no more questions, Captain. If you would leave the Good idea. Get this stupid voting over with so I can get back to Sir, you have never commanded a starship.  The danger from the Romulans  Across the Neutral Zone?  Spock?  Yes, Captain.  So, I've been relieved.  I'm sorry, Captain.  Yes. You should've been a prosecuting attorney.  Regulations require  Regulations. Don't give me regulations. You've wanted command all Captain, I have not assumed command.  I hope you're proud of. What do you mean, you've not assumed I suffer the same affliction as you, sir.  If you're not in command, who is?  Commodore Stocker.  Stocker? Are you crazy? He's never had a field command.  Mister Scott was unfit for command. Commodore Stocker is ranking No! Don't talk to me about rank! The man's a chair-bound I cannot, Captain.  Are you refusing a direct order?  No, sir. Only Commodore Stocker can give a command order onboard You traitorous, disloyal, you stab me in the back the first Jan, Jan.  I made a fool of myself in there. I shouldn't have let them But I'm not old, Jan. I'm not. A few muscular aches doesn't make Jan, you know me. Look at me closely. Tell me. Am I getting old?  What are you doing here?  It would seem to be the place where I can be of the most use.  Maybe you'd like to relieve Doctor McCoy. What about Chekov?  Nothing. Absolutely nothing.  Bones, there has to be. There has to be. We beamed down together. No, not all the time. Captain, he left us for a few moments.  He left us? He left us. He went into the building. Spock, Yes. Yes, indeed, Captain. Doctor, you remember  He was scared! He saw the dead body and he ran out of the Yes, yes. Now that could be. Right. Scared. Heart beats faster, Yes, yes. Now. But before, adrenaline. Highly promising. Early Quite possible, Doctor. Perhaps a sufficiently efficacious Don't just stand there jawing, Spock. You and Doctor Wallace get Entering Romulan Neutral Zone, sir. All I think we just made contact, sir.  Romulans approaching from both sides. We're bracketed, sir.  Engineering wants instructions, sir.  Commodore Stocker, what are your orders? Commodore! I'm going up to the bridge.  No, Jim. You can't do it.  I have to go to the bridge. We're under attack.  Nurse? Doctor Wallace!  Let me go.  We're under attack. I have to go to the Bridge. I've got to go to I'm trying, Commodore.  The Romulans are notorious for not listening to explanations.  Lieutenant Uhura is right, sir. We've tangled with them before. Greenhorn, up there ruining my ship.  Jim-boy, you just lay quiet. You can't do no good. We're both No. No. My ship. My ship.  Doctor, I made the necessary computations and produced this All right. Let's, let's go.  It could cure or kill, Doctor.  Don't give me any Vulcan details. Just give me the shot.  No. I'll take the first shot.  You can't.  How long do you think this ship can take the pounding? I've got I'll die anyway. Do it.  Doctor Wallace, give him the shot.  Quickly. Quickly.  Sir, they've fired another.  Well, well, what's happening?  Sir, I've tried all known hailing They know they have us. They know our shields will give out.  Sir, the Romulans do not take captives.  We're losing power, sir.  Report, Mister Sulu.  We're surrounded by Romulan vessels. Maximum of ten. Range fifty Engineering, this is the captain. I want full emergency power. I But, Captain, Code  That's an order, Lieutenant. Code two.  Yes, Captain. Code two.  Message. From Enterprise to Starfleet Command this sector. Have Standing by, sir.  Romulans giving ground, Captain. Obviously, they tapped in as A logical assumption, Mister Spock. Are they still retreating?  Yes, sir.  Good. All hands, stand by. Warp factor eight, now.  The Romulans were caught off guard, Captain. They're falling Are we out of range, Mister Sulu?  Yes, sir. And out of the Neutral Zone.  Secure from Red Alert. Adjust a new course, two five seven Two five seven degrees, mark three.  Noted. You should know, however, that there's very little a You're looking good, Doc.  Feeling fine. So is Scotty. The serum worked. He pulled a muscle And yourself?  Oh, very well. A few bruises here and there. Oh. Anytime you're I am quite ready now, Doctor.  Because of your Vulcan physique, I have prepared an extremely That is very considerate of you, Doctor.  I thought you'd be pleased to hear that.  Well, gentlemen, all and all, an experience we'll remember in our Steady as she goes, Captain.  I thought I said that.   Something wrong?  Yes. There's something odd about that man, and I can't quite Perhaps you're making a rather hasty judgment. Mister Norman has I know when something doesn't strike me right, and he doesn't.  Specifics, Doctor. Labels do not make arguments.  All right. There's something wrong about a man who never smiles, I see.  Spock, I mean that it's odd for a non-Vulcan. The ears make all I find your argument strewn with gaping defects in logic.  Maybe, but you can't evaluate a man by logic alone. Besides, he That's not at all surprising, Doctor. He's probably terrified of Yes, Mister Sulu?  There's an unplanned course change being fed into the Correct it.  I can't, sir.  Auxiliary control, this is the captain. Auxiliary control, what's Sir, auxiliary control is on total override.  Kirk to Security.  Intruder alert, deck eight, auxiliary control.  Lieutenant Uhura, have Mister Spock report to the bridge.  Aye, sir.  What's the imposed course, Mister Sulu?  Turning on three oh seven degrees, mark eight. Being executed Kirk here.  Any sign of the intruder?  Find him. Kirk out. Mister Spock, we seem to Interesting.  Mister Sulu, cut in emergency manual monitor. I want the override Sir, the instruments won't respond.  Emergency manual monitor, report.   This is Captain Kirk. Acknowledge.  Emergency manual monitor, this is the Here, you're not allowed   Acknowledge. This is the captain. Scotty, acknowledge. Kirk to Engineering.   This is the captain. Scotty, report.  Scotty, the intruder is in your area.   What's going on down there? Scotty!  Captain, he's here.  Scotty.   Scotty.  Scotty? Security, the intruder is in the Sir, we're picking up speed. Warp five, six. Warp seven, sir.  Cut power.  I can't, sir. All the controls are jammed.  Spock, take over.  Tell Security we've found the intruder. Do you mind telling me Spock?  Confirmed, Captain. He's taken out all the override controls. If Who are you?  You require? Who and what are we?  An android.  And most sophisticated.  Who sent you?  (attempting a mind meld) He simply appears to have turned It seems we're going to take a little trip. Any meetings or discussions can be held aboard the Enterprise.  I must say that's a gracious invitation.  And what is that word?  I don't believe it.  Harry Mudd.  Ruler? Harry, I want control of my ship returned immediately. We Kirk to Enterprise.  Kirk to Enterprise.  You know this man, Captain?  Oh, do I know him. Harcourt Fenton Mudd, thief  Swindler and con man  Liar and rogue.  He belongs in jail, which is where I thought I left you, Mudd.  Mudd, I want that trained machine of yours, Norman, to deactivate I'm telling you now.  All right, I'll listen. What are you telling?  Harry Mudd, you're a liar and an outlaw and in deep trouble. I Five hundred of the same model? That seems rather redundant.  All right, Harry, explain. How did you get here? We left you in Did you pay royalties to the owners of those patents?  He did not pay royalties.  Who caught you?  Yes. Who caught you?  And the Denebians contacted the Vulcans.  That's what I would have done.  Oh, I find that shocking.  The guilty party has his choice. Death by electrocution, death He broke jail.  He stole a spaceship.  They fired at him.  You went to substantial risk and effort to bring a starship Go on, get on with it, Harry.  Then I'm unable to discern your problem.  They picked a fine representative.  I think not, Harry.  (noticing a curtained alcove) Harry, what's this?  Who?  Dead?  That's very interesting. You leave your wife and then bring her Yes. My ship.  Norman, who created you?  Then your makers weren't humanoid?  What became of them?  Then some of your makers survive.  Whom do you serve now?  All right. We might later. In the meantime, would you mind Because we don't like you. Now. (shooing away gesture)  Well, opinions?  I think we're in a lot of trouble.  That's a great help, Mister Chekov. Bones?  I think Mister Chekov's right. We are in a lot of trouble.  Spock. And if you say we're in a lot of trouble.  We are, and we must direct our attack to the heart of the Try and find it. The rest of you, look around, learn everything Very interesting. Very interesting. This is a most unusual Did I understand there are more than two hundred thousand of This would seem to be a simple relay centre. Are all of you Oh, that's quite understandable.  Very impressive.  I should say so.  I must say, I like the styling.  Don't you believe in male androids, Harry?  How long does a body like that last?  Five hundred thousand years?  Captain, I've just had a most fascinating Jim, you should see the research facilities. They've got a lab Don't lose your head, Bones. Nobody's staying anywhere.  I wouldn't be bored, I can tell you that.  Let go of me! Now what are you doing? What kind of a woman  Harry Mudd! Oh, you bogus frat, you. You're the cause of all Scotty, you were ordered to stay aboard.  Aye, sir. And I stayed until that female gargantua threw me into What does she mean, the last one?  Are you out of your mind? (grabs Mudd by the throat) You can't Harry, Harry, you'll never get away with it.  Starfleet.  I'm trying not to.  He could successfully accomplish it, Captain. I've questioned a Yes, I know. That's what worries me. How will my crew react in a Oh, yes, thank you. (they pour him a cup of wine) You're Alice  And you're Alice  Oh, well, it doesn't make much difference. You're both lovely.  What a shame you're not real.  Oh, I mean real girls.  You are?  Harry Mudd programmed you?  That unprincipled, evil-minded, lecherous kulak Harry Mudd This place is even better than Leningrad. Absolutely fantastic. Hand-worked to the finest tolerances, Captain, you should see this shop! Why, they have facilities Is that the way you're going to do it, Mudd? Hit my people at All right, here we are, birds in a gilded I don't know, sir, but it's a very nice gilded cage.  And it is a very pleasant place, Captain.  What did they offer you, Uhura?  Oh, nothing really important. Just immortality.  All right. We're getting back to the ship, and don't you forget No. Yes. My ship. ALICE and  To respond in that area.  Yes, I know.  Alice, give us back our ship to please us. Return us to our ship But we're unhappy here.  Unhappiness is the state which occurs in the human when wants We want the Enterprise.  No, it's a beautiful lady, and we love her.  Interesting.  Fascinating.  Bones, have you had time to take any psychological readings of I did. And you can forget it. They're perfect, flawless, Yes. That's what this crew needs, a little sense of purpose.  Mudd, a few questions I want to ask you.  Yes. My ship.  Harry, I think they have something else in mind.  We prefer to help ourselves. We make mistakes, but we're human. I'm curious, Norman. Just how do you intend to stop them?  Eminently practical.  The whole galaxy controlled by your kind?  So far this thing has had its amusing Indeed, it is not. They may quite possibly be able to accomplish Whatever method we use to stop them, we must make haste. They How do you know so much?  I asked them.  Oh.  Why shouldn't they answer our questions? They don't think we can You wanted to leave us on this ruddy rock and leave by yourself. All right, what have we got to work with?  Well, Captain, androids and robots, they're just not capable of Yet the device that Norman claims to be their central control is I agree. What in your opinion does direct them?  There are a large number of Alices and Trudies, Maisies, Norman. When I told one of the Alices that the Enterprise was a To function as they do, each android mind must be one component Named Norman. Forming one gigantic, highly intelligent mind. And That would seem logical.  Yes, logical. That's what it is. And that in turn gives us a What would seem to be a sound, and perhaps our only, I fail to understand why I should care to induce my mother to Let's get to the point. Harry, you said you wanted to help. Do That's fine, Harry. The androids will be expecting us to make a Nothing, Harry. Just go to sleep.  Oh, Harry. I do believe you're putting on weight.  We have a medical problem. Your ex-Lord, Harry Mudd.  We are caring for him, but our doctor needs his medical equipment You are programmed to serve. If we're not allowed access to our He is dying.  Oh, yes.  No, they're lying. It's a trick. Doctor McCoy injected something Uhura, why did you tell her?  Because I want an android body. I want immortality. I'll live Thank you.  Uhura. Beautiful!  I half believed it myself.  Well, the androids were expecting an attempt, and now we've made What's next, Captain?  Next, we take the Alices on a trip through Wonderland.  Yes. Your attention.  They're celebrating.  Their captivity. Do you enjoy the music?  Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you, lovely lady. You dance Thank you, kind sir. (her slap knocks him off his feet.) She likes him. Mister Chekov. The floor is no place for an Yes, Captain. (and goes into an energetic Cossack dance)  That's better, Mister Chekov.  Your statement is illogical.  How does it look?  Completely inner directed. Oblivious to everything.  Good. I wonder how Spock's doing.  Of course. Your computations would Thank you.  I love you. However, I hate you.  Yes, of course. That is exactly why I hate you. Because you are Fascinating.  All right, it's worked so far, but we're not Well?  Success, Captain. We've been pruning the leaves and branches of If Norman is the control centre, he should be in a bind by what Affirmative.  Acknowledged. I want you to surrender.  No, we are stronger. I'll prove it to you. Can you harm a man (in a monotone) You offer us only well-being.  (in a monotone) Food and drink and happiness mean nothing to us. Suffering, in torment and pain. Labouring without end.  Dying and crying and lamenting over our burdens.  Why not?  Logic is a little tweeting bird chirping in a meadow. Logic is a (clutching at his heart and crying out in anguish) I canna go Goodbye, cruel universe.  He's dead.  Scotty. Scotty's dead. He had too much happiness. But now he's What is a man but that lofty spirit, that sense of enterprise, How did you like it?  Our logic is to be illogical. That is our advantage. Mister Very well, Captain.  Explosive! (gets up again)  I believe that is the correct amount, Captain. Mister Mudd, are Be careful. I would not want you to drop it.  Easy now. Oh, he's caught it!  Watch it! Watch it!  No? Observe. Fore! (Mudd swings.) Boom!  Are you all right?  He lied. Everything Harry tells you is a lie. Remember that. I am not programmed to respond in that area.  I believe they are all immobilised, Captain.  Good.  Why, thank you.  A partnership arrangement? You and me?  I've got something else in mind. Let's go.  Well, you must be very unhappy, Mister Spock.  That is a human emotion, Doctor, with which I am totally Well, we found a whole world of minds that work just like yours. Which I find eminently satisfactory, Doctor, for nowhere am I so Yes, Mudd, you've been paroled to the android population of this The androids are being reprogrammed. Their original purpose was No, you're an irritant. You'll stay here and provide a As long as you continue to be an irritant, Harry. It's up to you. Yes, you are. Oh, there's one more thing, Harry. We've programmed Yes.  Goodbye, Harry. Have fun.  Deep Space Station K7 now within sensor Good. Mister Chekov, this flight is supposed to provide both One parsec, sir. Close enough to smell them.  That is illogical, Ensign. Odours cannot travel through the I was making a little joke, sir.  Extremely little, Ensign.  Mister Spock, immediate past history of the quadrant?  Under dispute between the two parties since initial contact. The Analysis of disputed area?  Undeveloped. Sherman's Planet is claimed by both sides, our The area was first mapped by the famous Russian astronomer Ivan John Burke.  Burke, sir? I don't think so. I'm sure it was  John Burke was the Chief Astronomer at the Royal Academy in old Oh, Royal Academy. Well  is the rest of your history that faulty, Ensign? Key points of Under terms of the Organian Peace Treaty, one side or the other And unfortunately, though the Klingons are brutal and aggressive, I remember once Peter the Great had that problem like that. The  Captain?  Kirk here.  [on monitor] I'm picking up a subspace distress call. Priority Go to warp factor six.  Code One emergency. That's a disaster call.   This is a Red Alert. Man your battle stations. All hands.  Main phasers armed and ready, sir.  But there's nothing there. Just the station.  Priority One distress call, and it's just absolutely peaceful. Aye, sir. The channel's open, sir.  Space Station K7, this is Captain Kirk of the Enterprise. What is Mister Lurry, you issued a Priority One distress call. State the You'll try to explain. You'd better be prepared to do more than Aye, sir. Transporter room, stand by. Mister Lurry, if there's no emergency, why did you issue a And that gives you the authority to put an entire quadrant on That gives him the authority.  Oh.  And this is my first officer Mister Spock.  Storage compartments? Storage compartments?  What? What? What's quadrotriticale? (Lurry hands him a small Quadrotriticale is a high-yield grain, a four-lobed hybrid of Mister Spock, you've made your point.  You issued a priority one distress call for a couple of tons of Mister Baris, you summoned the Enterprise without an emergency. Misuse of the Priority One channels is a Federation offence.  It would seem a logical precaution, Captain. The Sherman's Kirk to Enterprise.   Enterprise here.  Secure from general quarters. And beam down two, and only two,  Yes, Captain.  Kirk out.  I have never questioned the orders or the intelligence of any Summoning a starship on a priority A-1 channel to guard some Nevertheless Captain, the Klingons would not enjoy seeing us I guess not.  I see you didn't waste time taking your shore leave.  (coldly) How often do I get shore leave?  She wants to shop, and I thought I would help her. JS (entering) Oh, excuse me. Excuse me.  (shows Chekov the packet of wheat) Mister Chekov, what do you Oh, quadrotriticale. I've read about this, but I've never seen Does everybody know about this wheat but me?  Not everyone, Captain. It's a Russian invention.  Ah. JS How sad for you, my friend. You won't find a finer stoneJS You're a difficult man to reach, but I have something from the What is it? Is it alive? May I hold it?  Oh, it's adorable. What is it? JS What is it? Why, lovely lady, it's a tribble.  A tribble? JS Only the sweetest creature known to man, excepting, of course, Oh, it's purring. Listen, it's purring. JS It's only saying that it likes you.  Are you selling them? JS My friend, 10 credits apiece is a very reasonable price. Now you He won't bite, will he? JS Sir, transporting harmful animals from one planet to another isJS Twice nothing is still nothing.  If you're not going to take him, I'm going to take him. I thinkJS Is that an offer or a joke? JS That's a joke. JS You're an honest man. I'll tell you what I'm going to do I'mJS Seven and a half. Seven? All right, you robber, six credits. JS Right away.  All right, what are you selling them for? JS Thief.  Hey! He's eating my grain. JS That happens to be my sample, and I'll do with it as I please. Oh, I couldn't. Could I? JS I insist. JS Once this lovely little lady starts to show this precious little Yes, what is it?   Message from Starfleet, Captain. Priority channel. Admiral Put it on visual, Lieutenant.  Kirk here.  Now, that's just lovely.  But not totally unexpected.   Captain Kirk! Captain Kirk!  Yes, Lieutenant, what is it?   Sensors are picking up a Klingon battle cruiser rapidly Go to Red Alert. Notify Mister Lurry. We'll be right up.  What is the position of the Klingon ship?  A hundred kilometres off K7. It's just sitting there.  Captain, I have Mister Lurry.  Put him on visual.  Aye, sir.  Mister Lurry, there's a Klingon warship hanging one hundred Why not?  Cancel Red Alert. We'll beam right down.  Security, cancel Red Alert. My dear Captain Koloth.  Shore leave?  Yes, well, I don't make those decisions. Mister Lurry is in Well, I have the authority to act, and I'm going to use it. My Let us both take steps to keep it that way.  Another technical journal, Scotty?  Aye.  Don't you ever relax?  I am relaxing.  How long have you had that thing, Lieutenant?  Since yesterday, Doctor. This morning, I found out that he, I Well, in that case, you got a bargain.  You running a nursery, Lieutenant?  Oh, Captain. Well, I hadn't intended to, sir, but the tribble Did you get this at the space station?  Yes, sir.  (stroking a tribble) A most curious creature, Captain. Its Lieutenant, do you mind if I take one of these down to the lab Well, all right, Doctor, but if you're going to dissect it, I I won't harm a hair on its head, wherever that is.  Sure, why not? I think they're old enough. (to all) Go ahead.   Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Mister Baris waiting is on channel E to speak to you, sir. Pipe it down here will you, Mister Chekov.   Aye, sir. Mister Baris is coming on.  Yes, Mister Baris. What can I do for you?  I was not aware, Mister Baris, that twelve Mister Baris, I have guards around the grain. Captain, may I ask where you'll be?  Sickbay with a headache. Hi, Jim.  Bones, what have you got for a headache?  Let me guess. Klingons? Baris?  Both. How many of these did Uhura give you?  Just one.  But you've got, er, eleven.  You noticed that, huh? Here. This ought to take care of it.  How do they? How do they?  I haven't figured that out yet, but I can tell you this much. A fat tribble.  No. You get a bunch of hungry little tribbles.  Well, Bones, all I can suggest is you open up a maternity ward. All you men going on shore leave to stay in I'll tell them before they go, sir.  Aren't you going on shore leave, Scotty?  Why, no, sir.  I want you to go on shore leave. Make sure that everybody stays But, Captain. Aye, sir.  Scotty, enjoy yourself.JS Ah, friend. Can I offer you a charming little tribble?  Uh, no, thanks. JS Oh. Perhaps one of you other gents? JS Ah, friend Klingon. Can I interest you in a harmless tribble? JS I'm sorry. I can't understand it. I've never seen them act thisJS He's only a harmless little JS Yes. Ah, my good friend. How would you like to enter anotherJS Indeed.  When are you going to get off that milk diet, lad?  This is vodka.  Where I come from, that's soda pop. This is a drink for a man.  Scotch?  Aye.  It was invented by a little old lady from Leningrad. JS Oh, yes.  That Cossack.  Easy, lad. You ought to be more forgiving.  Take it easy, lad. Everybody's entitled to an opinion.  Don't do it, mister, and that's an order.  You heard what he called the captain.  Forget it. It's not worth fighting for. We're big enough to take Mister Scott!  Laddie, don't you think you should rephrase that?  I want to know who started it. I'm waiting. Freeman, who started All right. Chekov. I know you. You started it, didn't you?  No, sir, I didn't.  Who did?  I don't know, sir.  I don't know, sir. I want to know who threw the first punch. All Aye, Captain.  Who threw the first punch, Scotty?  Um.  Mister Scott?  I did, Captain.  You did, Mister Scott? What caused it, Scotty?  They insulted us, sir.  Must have been some insult.  Aye, it was.  You threw the first punch.  Aye. Chekov wanted to, but I held him back.  You held? Why did Chekov want to start a fight?  Well, the Klingon, sir. Is this off the record?  No, this is not off the record.  Well, Captain, the Klingons called you, uh a tin-plated, Is that all?  No, sir. They also compared you with a Denebian slime devil.  I see.  And then they said you  I get the picture, Scotty.  Yes, sir.  After they said all this, that's when you hit the Klingons?  No, sir.  No?  No, I didn't. You told us to avoid trouble.  Oh, yes.  And I didn't see that it was worth fighting about. After all, What was it they said that started the fight?  They called the Enterprise a garbage scow, sir.  I see. And that's when you hit the Klingons?  Yes, sir.  You hit the Klingons because they insulted the Enterprise, not Well, sir, this was a matter of pride.  All right, Scotty. Dismissed. Scotty, you're restricted to (big grin) Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. That'll give me a chance to What's the matter, Spock?  There's something disquieting about these creatures.  Don't tell me you've got a feeling.  Don't be insulting, Doctor. They remind me of the lilies of the Does everything have to have a practical use for you? They're So would an ermine violin, but I see no advantage in having one. It's a human characteristic to love little animals, especially Doctor, I am well aware of human characteristics. I am Spock, I don't know too much about these little tribbles yet, What is that, Doctor?  I like them better than I like you.  Doctor?  Yes?  They do have one redeeming characteristic.  What's that?  They do not talk too much. If you'll excuse me, sir. Doctor McCoy, would you mind coming up to the bridge? (he takes a I don't know, sir. They do seem to be all over the ship.  Doctor McCoy.  Yes? Did you want to see me, Jim? Don't look at me. It's the Explain that.  The nearest thing I can figure out is they're born pregnant, I know, but really  And from my observations, it seems they're bisexual, reproducing Captain, I am forced to agree with the doctor. I've been running But they do give us something, Mister Spock. They give us love. Too much of anything, Lieutenant, even love, isn't necessarily a Yes, Captain.  Get the maintenance crew to clean up the entire ship, and then Aye, aye.  Have him find Cyrano Jones and hold him.  Aye.  And get these tribbles off the bridge.  Aye, aye, Captain.JS Captain Kirk, I'm mystified at your tone of Oh, really?  Surely you must have realised what would happen if you removedJS Of course. What did you say?  By removing the tribbles from their natural habitat, you have,JS If by that, you mean do they breed quickly? Of course, that's Just incredibly prolific. JS Precisely, and at six credits a head, well, that is, a body, it You should sell an instruction and maintenance manual for thisJS If I did, what would happen to man's search for knowledge? Well, On the contrary, sir. I think of this project as very important. That's a serious charge. To whom are you referring?  Cyrano Jones, a Klingon agent?  I heard you.  He simply could not believe his ears.  What evidence do you have against Mister Jones?  Yes, yes. Go on. What else do you have?  We have already checked on the background of Mister Cyrano Do you have any proof of that?  People have disrupted stations before without being Klingon My chicken sandwich and coffee. This is my chicken sandwich and Fascinating.  I want these off the ship. I don't care if it takes every man They're into the machinery, all right, and they're probably in How?  Probably through one of the air vents.  Captain, there are vents of that type on the space station.  And in the storage compartments. (goes to a table monitor) This Energise.  Plenty, if what I think's happened has happened.  Is that door secure?  Good. Open it.  Here. Let me try it.  They seem to be gorged.  Hundreds of thousands.  One million seven hundred seventy one thousand five hundred That's assuming they got here three days ago.  And allowing for the amount of grain consumed and the volume of Mister Baris  Mister Baris, I'll hold you in irons if you don't shut up.  Jim, I think I've got it. All we have to do is quit feeding Now he tells me.  Captain this tribble is dead. And so are these.  A lot of them are dead. A lot of them are alive, but they won't The logical assumption is that there is something in the grain.  Yes. Bones, I want the tribbles, the grain, everything analysed. I haven't figured out what keeps them alive yet. All right, if I Until that inquiry, I'm still the captain. And as Captain, I wantJS Really, Captain Kirk, I must protest this treatment.  Ah, Mister Jones, with an armful. A few questions.  What do you want?  An apology?  I believe that more than the word of an aggrieved Klingon Well, we'll see about that, but before I take any official Yes.  Remarkable.  Hold on a minute. I thought you said tribbles liked everybody. JS They do. I can't understand it. The last time I saw one act this What was in the bar? JS Klingons. Him, for one. (points at Korax)  You're right, Mister Jones. They don't like Klingons. (McCoy Obviously tribbles are very perceptive creatures, Captain.  Obviously. Mister Baris, they like you. Well, there's no (scanning him) Heartbeat is all wrong. His body temperature is. I wonder what Starfleet Command will say about that. What about Oh, yes. It was poisoned.  Yes. It's been impregnated with a virus. The virus turns into an They starved to death. In a storage compartment full of grain, That is essentially it.  Mister Darvin, are you going to talk?  And the tribbles had nothing to do with it?  Captain Koloth. About that apology.  You have six hours to get your ship out of Federation territory.  You know, I think I could learn to like tribbles. JS Well, Captain, I suppose I'm free to go now.  No, you're not. There's something I want to show you. You knowJS Captain, one little tribble isn't harmful. Captain, you wouldn't The penalty is twenty years in a rehabilitation colony. JS Captain Kirk. Friend. Friend Kirk. Surely we can come to some There is one thing you can do. JS Yes?  Pick up every tribble on the space station. If you do that, I'llJS It would take years.  Seventeen point nine, to be exact. JS Seventeen point nine years.  Consider it Job security. JS Captain, you're a hard man. All right! All right!  You'll do it? He'll do it. JS I'll do it.  Captain, Starfleet was able to divert that Good. That means Sherman's Planet will get its quadrotriticale And you won't find a tribble on this entire ship.  Bones, how did you do it?  I cannot take credit for another man's work. Scotty did it.  Scotty! Where are the tribbles?  Oh, er, Captain, it was really Mister Spock's recommendation.  Of course. Spock.  Based on computer analysis, of course, taking into account the Gentlemen, I don't want to interrupt this mutual admiration Tell him, Spock.  Well, it was Mister Scott who performed the actual engineering.  Mister Scott. Where are the tribbles?  I used the transporter, Captain.  You used the transporter?  Aye.  Where did you transport them? Scott, you didn't transport them Captain Kirk, that'd be inhuman.  Where are they?  I gave them a good home, sir.  (shouting) Where?  I gave them to the Klingons, sir.  (a whisper) You gave them to the Klingons?  Aye, sir. Before they went into warp, I transported the whole No doubt about it, Captain. The space debris comes from the Missing for six years, and now this junk in space.  Portions of the antimatter nacelles, personal belongings. Then whatever destroyed the ship, the crew was able to get off Computed and on the board, sir.  Mister Spock, assuming that the wreckage drifted at the same It would have come from planet four, star system eight nine two, Only one sixteenth parsec away, Captain. We should be there in Standard orbit around the planet. There may be survivors there.  SS Beagle. Small class four stardrive vessel. Crew of forty Yes, at the academy. He was dropped in his fifth year. He went Coming up on the planet, captain.  Put it on the screen.  Definitely class M, somewhat similar to Earth.  Yes, similar. But the land masses and oceans are quite different, Different in shape only, Captain. The proportion of land to Exactly in some ways, different in others.  I also picked up indications of large cities.  What era?  No sign of atomic power as yet, but far enough along for radio Captain, both amplitude and frequency modulation being used. I Television was the colloquial term.  Put it on the screen.  Aye.  Transmission lost, sir. Shall I try to get it back?  Slaves and gladiators. What are we seeing, a twentieth-century Captain, the one described as the barbarian is also listed here. Ready the transporter room, Mister Spock. We're beaming down. You could have selected a more convenient place, Mister Spock.  But hardly more practical, captain. Close to the city we Fascinating. This atmosphere is remarkably similar to your The word was smog.  Yes, I believe that was the term. I had no idea you were that I am not, Mister Spock. I was simply trying to stop you from The SS Beagle was the first ship to make a survey of this star Then the Prime Directive is in full force, Captain?  No identification of self or mission. No interference with the No references to space, or the fact that there are other worlds, Let's go.  One, just once, I'd like to be able to land someplace and say, I fail to see the humour in that situation, Doctor.  Naturally. You could hardly claim to be an angel with those Complete Earth parallel. The language here is English.  I think he means it, Spock.  There would seem to be evidence to that effect.  We come from another province.  I call them ears.  Never. Colloquial twentieth-century English. An amazing We come from a place that's quite some journey from here. I doubt For which we are grateful, for we are men of peace ourselves.  Well, if you're speaking of worships of sorts, we represent many Do we look like any Romans you ever saw ?  Our people don't believe in slavery.  Sir, we came here looking for some friends, forty seven of them Wait. I can prove we're telling the truth. A small device. I'll  Scott here, Captain.  Scotty, lock in on my transmission beam. Scan us.   Scanning, sir.  Including ourselves, how many of us are there?   Twelve, Captain.  Good, Scotty. Continue scanning. We'll maintain transmission. Perhaps you've heard, let's say, an impossible story or a rumour The stars.  Yes, of course.  (brings over a magazine) Captain, I thought you might find this Spock?  Fascinating.  (looking at a car advert) The Jupiter Eight. Conventional Septimus, we need your help. We must go into the city. We know We can't do that. Perhaps you know his name. Merik. Captain Yes. He's the leader of our friends.  That doesn't sound like the same man.  Captain, a logical question, if I may. Septimus, how many years Septimus, wherever we may be from, you must believe that it is Curious, Captain, the similarity in names. Were you told why He failed a psycho-simulator test. All it takes is a split second Odd that these people should worship the sun.  Why, Doctor?  Because, my dear Mister Spock, it is illogical. Rome had no sun Are you a slave, Flavius?  Then you heard the word of the sun?  There are many things I'd like to know  Tell Merikus I'd like to see him.  Tell him it's Jim Kirk. Perhaps a friend.  Well, if I am a friend and you don't tell him, do you really want But if there have been slaves for over 2,000 years, hasn't there Even more fascinating. Slavery evolving into an institution with Quite logical, I'd say, Mister Spock. Just as it's logical that Doctor, if I were able to show emotion, your new infatuation What term? Logic? Medical men are trained in logic, Mister Really, Doctor, I had no idea they were trained. Watching you, I I'm not sure they're sure. When the slaves began to worship the You go on believing it, Flavius. All men are brothers.  Three against three. We may never get a better chance.  (looking at McCoy) I doubt if he'll get very far. He feels ill.  I do?  All right, but he'll double over before we get very far. (Spock No, I think I can walk. I'll try.  Let's go.  Captain Merik, isn't it ?  I agree.  McCoy.  All right, what happened?  Go on.  What happened to your crew? Did they voluntarily beam, come What happened to your crew?  Interesting, and given a conservative empire, quite Are you out of your head?  I said I understood it, Doctor. I find the checks and balances Next he'll be telling us he prefers it over Earth history.  They do seem to have escaped the carnage of your first three They have slavery, gladiatorial games, despotism.  Situations quite familiar to the six million who died in your My world, proconsul, is my vessel, my oath, my crew. What You sent your own men into the arena?  You must know that's impossible. Starfleet regulations  Do you really believe I could be made to order my own people Jim.  Kirk to Enterprise.   Bridge. Scott here.  Scotty, if you have a fix. (guns are pointed at his head) Stand Yet on the other hand, my chief engineer's standing by for a If I brought down a hundred of them armed with phasers  Quite correct.  Must you always be so blasted honest?  Scotty. Sorry to keep you waiting.   We were becoming concerned, Captain. You were a bit Condition Green, all's well. Kirk out.  But they have used the code term Condition That may take some time.  Let it take time, lad. They're in trouble, and I'm under orders I tell you I'm well able to defeat you.  I do not want to injure you.  The rules. If Spock should finish his man off first, would he be I am defending myself!  Proconsul, in some parts of the galaxy I have seen forms of I've had to select men to die before so that others could be Need any help, Doctor?  Whatever gave you that idea?  You tell him, buster. Of all the completely ridiculous, It won't work.  Whatever he has in mind, whatever tricks. You hear that, Angry, Mister Spock, or frustrated, perhaps?  Such emotions are foreign to me, Doctor. I'm merely testing the For the fifteenth time. Spock. Spock, I know we've had our Doctor, I am seeking a means of escape. Will you please be Well, what I'm trying to say is you saved my life in the arena.  Yes, that's quite true.  I'm trying to thank you, you pointed-eared hobgoblin!  Oh, yes. You humans have that emotional need to express Do you know why you're not afraid to die, Spock? You're more Really, Doctor?  I know. I'm worried about Jim, too. Very good. (he tries a grape) Excellent.  I've been in some strange worlds with strange customs. Perhaps You'll be the first to know.  Nothing except perhaps an explanation.  I appreciate that.  Of course.  I thank you. And my friends?  I've heard it was similar. Now, Mister Chekov. Activate.  Jim!  Stand back.  Obsolete, but effective.  What happened, Jim?  What did they do to you?  They threw me a few curves. No time to explain.   Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Ready to beam up three.  And strong personal feelings, he obeyed the Thank you, Captain.  Gentlemen.  Captain, I see on your report Flavius was killed. I am sorry. I I wish we could have examined that belief of his more closely. I'm afraid you have it all wrong, Mister Spock, all of you. I've Caesar and Christ. They had them both. And the word is spreading A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.  It will replace their imperial Rome, but it will happen in their Wouldn't it be something to watch, to be a part of? To see it Aye, sir.   Dress uniforms, spit and polish. I don't know how much longer The Vulcans are the last delegates we have to pick up. As soon as Sure. A formal reception tonight, a hundred Kirk here.   Shuttlecraft approaching with Ambassador Sarek's party. Bring them aboard, Mister Chekov.   Standby to recover shuttlecraft. Honour guard to the How does that Vulcan salute go?  That hurts worse than the uniform.  Captain James Kirk.  My First Officer, Commander Spock.  Vulcan honours us with your presence. We come to serve.  Thank you. Chief Medical Officer Doctor McCoy.  Ambassador.  Our pleasure, madam. As soon as you're settled I'll arrange a As you wish, Ambassador. Mister Spock, we'll leave orbit in two Captain, Ambassador Sarek and his wife are my parents. This is the engineering section. There are a number of emergency Humans smile with so little provocation.  The situation between my father and myself has not changed.  Mister Spock. A moment, if you please.  Yes, Captain?  Explain the computer components.  If you will excuse me, Captain. (leaves)  I'm sorry, Ambassador. I did not mean to offend. I thought that  Mrs. Sarek, I just don't understand.  Can you?  It sounded more like a command.  And Spock is his son.  Spock is my best officer, and my friend.  I take it that Spock disagreed with his father on a choice of Starfleet force is used only as a last resort. We're an They are both stubborn.   Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Excuse me. Kirk here.  [on monitor] Captain, I've picked up some sort of signal. Just a Source?  [on monitor] That's what bothers me, sir. Impossible to locate. Go to alert status four. Begin long-range scanning. Kirk out. Mister Ambassador, I understand you had retired before this Ambassador.  Gentlemen. Ambassador Sarek is quite correct when he points out Spock, I've always suspected that you were a little more human Sehlat?  A teddy bear?  Ambassador.  A teddy bear.  Not precisely, Doctor. On Vulcan, the teddy bears are alive, and  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Captain, sensors are registering an unidentified vessel On my way. All duty personnel on Yellow Alert. Don't alarm the Report.  A small ship, Captain. It's been there five minutes, remaining Identification, Spock?  Sensors indicate the size of a scout ship, but the configuration Does she answer a hail?  I've tried all frequencies and hooked in the universal Maintain translator broadcast. Check records for authorised Starfleet records no authorised vessel in this quadrant except Care to guess what she is?  Guess, Captain? I shall need more data for my estimate.  Mister Chekov, plot course to intercept that vessel. I want to Aye, sir. Vessel changing course, heading toward us at Ready main phasers.  Phasers armed and ready, sir.  Interesting. They were travelling at approximately warp ten.  Back on original course, Mister Chekov. Report on intruder's Captain, Starfleet acknowledges report on our situation and Back on original heading, Captain. The intruder changed course Well, we have a shadow. Faster, more manoeuvrable and Gentlemen. Gentlemen. Whatever arguments you have between Kirk here.  How was he killed?  His neck was broken. By an expert.  Explain.  Well, from the nature and location of the break, I'd say the Who aboard would have that knowledge?  Vulcans. On Vulcan, the method is called tal-shaya. It was Spock. A short time ago, I broke up an argument between Gav and Indeed, Captain? Interesting.  Interesting? Spock, do you realise that makes your father the Vulcans do not approve of violence.  You're saying he couldn't have done it?  No, Captain. I'm merely saying it would be illogical to kill But if he had a reason, could he have done it?  If there were a reason, my father is quite capable of killing. Mrs. Sarek, I'm sorry to disturb you. I must Ambassador, the Tellarite. Gav has been murdered.  His neck was broken, Mister Ambassador, by what Spock describes Yes. Ambassador, where were you during the past hour?  Mother. If only on circumstantial evidence, he is a logical Then where were you during the hour?  That's a very convenient excuse, Ambassador.  It's difficult to say with Vulcan physiology, but I believe it's Can you help him?  I don't know that yet either. Spock?  Yes, Captain. I get sensor readings of tri-tritanium from the I'm sorry about your father.  Yes, it could adversely affect our mission.  Aren't you worried about him?  Worry is a human emotion, Captain. I accept what has happened. I see. Well, the Romulans have nothing like it. Certainly not the I think it unlikely it is one of theirs.  Who, then?  Captain? I picked up the last part of a transmission. Just like Mister Chekov, directional locator indicates source bearing It's the intruder ship, sir.  Switch recorder to Mister Spock's station for decode, Lieutenant. Sir, the directional locator indicates reception point somewhere A personal receiver? Somebody on board is in contact with that Possibly, Captain. But I cannot decode this transmission.  Why not?  It is in no known code. There's no detectable pattern. No Are any conclusions possible from the information?  Only negative. It fits none of our computer records, and it is Murder? Someone out there playing tag? Lieutenant, you've got Yes, sir.  If that alien vessel starts transmitting again, I want to know Bones, how is he?  As far as I can tell from instrument readings, our prime suspect Ambassador, when did you have these attacks?  There were no witnesses?  Doctor, do you propose surgery for the heart defect?  I'm not sure. It's tough enough on a human. On a Vulcan, an Why?  I suggest that a cryogenic open-heart procedure would be the Bones, what about it?  Well, I'm glad somebody's asking me something around here. Well, Yes.  There are other Vulcans aboard.  Yes, I'd say that's rare.  My blood is T-negative, Doctor.  It should be possible to filter out the human factors.  Even you couldn't give that much blood, Spock. It would kill Bones.  Mrs. Sarek, you must understand the chances are extremely small Indeed. I would estimate the odds  Doctor.  I see it, Spock, but that was a Rigelian.  Rigelian physiology is very similar to Vulcan.  Similar is not good enough. It's still experimental.  But it does look promising.  Spock, we would need such great amounts of blood that, even if I consider the safety factor low, but acceptable.  Plus the fact I've never operated on a Vulcan before. Oh, I've A chemical stimulant to speed up reproduction and replacement of It has been used successfully on test subjects on Rigel Five.  It places a tremendous strain on the spleen and the liver. In Miss Chapel? I underwent a physical examination last week. Would What has that got  It would seem the only answer.  It could damage you internally. It could kill you. I'm sorry, Then you automatically condemn Sarek to death. And you, Doctor, Bridge. Spock.  Spock here.  I'm on deck five, near my quarters. I've been  Captain? Captain? Captain? It's a bad wound. Punctured left lung. A I'll be in the brig questioning the Andorian prisoner.  Spock, your father is much worse. There's no longer a choice. I No, Doctor.  What?  My first responsibility is to the ship. Our passengers' safety You can turn command over to Scotty.  On what grounds, Doctor? Command requirements do not recognise He has been subjected to questioning under verifier scan and Apparently Thelev did.  I do not know. There is no logic in Thelev's attack upon the Come in.  Mother, when I was commissioned, I took an oath to carry out Any competent officer can command this ship under normal I know, but this must take precedence. If I could give the Mother, how can you have lived on Vulcan so long, married a It means to adopt a philosophy, a way of life, which is logical Can you imagine what my father would say if I were to agree, if Mother  I cannot.  I'd like to get my hands on the guy with the sledgehammer.  No, the one inside my head. How long have I  Now let that be a lesson to you. Just lie there and be happy How's Sarek?  Not good. If I could only operate.  What's stopping you? I thought you were all ready.  I was. When you became injured, Spock assumed command. He's I can't damn him for his loyalty, for doing his duty, but I'm not Jim, if you stand, you could start to bleed again.  Bones, Sarek will die without that operation, and you can't Captain?  I'll take over, Mister Spock. You report to Sickbay with Doctor Captain, are you quite all right?  I've certified him physically fit, Mister Spock. Now since I Get out, Spock. Chekov, what's the status of the intruder?  No change, sir. Maintaining its distance.  Any further transmissions, Lieutenant?  None, sir.  Call Mister Scott to the bridge.  Captain, the alien vessel is moving closer.  Belay that order. I'll stay here.  Captain, I'm picking up the alien signal again, but it's coming Specific origin?  From the brig, sir.  Security? Security to the brig. Search the prisoner immediately. Readings, Nurse.  I wish I knew whether that was good or bad. Initiate sterile Where do you think you're going?  I must see the captain.  My patients don't walk out in the middle of an operation.  The alien ship. I've just realised that if their power So is your father's life. Kirk here.  Captain, the alien ship has changed course and speed. Moving Bring the prisoner to the bridge. Deflectors on. Red Alert. Aye, sir. Shields on. Phasers manned and ready, sir.  Chekov, take over Spock's scanners.  Aye, sir.  Target, Mister Chekov.  Moving away. Turning now. He's coming around again.  Fire as he passes, Ensign.  A clean miss, sir.  Report on his weaponry, Mister Chekov.  Sensors record standard phasers, sir.  Standard phasers. Good. They may have more speed, but they're not Captain, the intercoms are jammed. All the ambassadors are Tell them to take a good guess, but clear that board, Lieutenant. Aye, sir.  He's coming around again. One more like that, and I'm going to lose Fire control locked into the computers, Captain.  On my order, fire photon torpedoes two, four and six. Widest Aye, sir.  Fire.  Full spread missed, sir. They're moving too fast for us. Cardio-stimulate.  Then get me that old portable cardio-stimulator.  Call engineering and have sickbay systems put on priority. Number four shield has buckled, sir.  Auxiliary power.  Switching over. Shields firming up. Number four is still weak, Your friends out there are good. They'll have to destroy this You're not Andorian. Who are you?  Damage reports coming in, Captain. Every deck.  Damage control procedures, all decks. That ship out there has Number two shield is gone.  Engineering, this is the Captain. Cut power on port side except You're a spy, surgically altered to pass as an Andorian. Planted Engineering, cut power on starboard side. Maintain until further You speculate.  We're starting to drift, sir. Shall I hold her on course?  No. Stand by your phasers, Mister Chekov.  Aye, sir. Phasers standing by. He's just hovering out there, Looking us over. We're dead as far as he knows.  Here he comes. Range decreasing. Speed dropping close to Hold your fire, Mister Chekov.  Phasers locked on target. Range closing. Seventy five thousand Fire.  Got him!  Secure from general quarters. Lieutenant, open the hailing Lieutenant, relay to Starfleet command. Tell them we have a Aye, sir.  Take him to Sickbay.  So did they. Mister Chekov, take over. Bones?  Are you quite through shaking the ship around?  Spock, Sarek how are they?  I don't mind telling you, you sure make it difficult for a Bones!  That pig-headed Vulcan stamina. I couldn't have pulled them Some doctors have all the luck.  Captain, I believe you'll find the alien  We damaged their ship. They destroyed themselves to avoid I think you'll find he's an Orion, Doctor.  Orion?  Intelligence reports that Orion smugglers have been raiding the But what would they gain by an attack on Starfleet?  Yes, of course. With Orion carefully neutral, they'd clean up The thing that confused me was the power utilisation curve. It You might have had something else on your mind.  That hardly seems likely.  No, but thank you anyway.  Emotional, isn't she?  Indeed? Why did you marry her?  Bones. (starts to collapse.) No, no, I'm all right  If you keep arguing with your kindly family doctor, you're going Doctor, I'll return to my station now.  You are at your station, Mister Spock.  Doctor McCoy, I believe you're enjoying all this.  Indeed, Captain. I've never seen him look so happy.  Shut up. (to Kirk) Shh. Shh! (to camera) Well, what do you know? Yes, Jim.   How much longer, McCoy?  Oh, about another thirty minutes. I've come across some most  These roots and soil cultures can be a medical treasure No sign of the inhabitants so far. Kirk out.  Large prints. The ape-like carnivore in the reports?  Yes, the mugato. No problem, though. Those prints are several Aside from that, you say it's a Garden of Eden?  Or so it seemed to the brash young Lieutenant Kirk on his first Class M in all respects. Quite Earth-like.  Except these people stayed in their Garden of Eden. Bows and Bows and arrows, Captain?  Villagers with flintlocks? That's impossible. They hadn't Captain, look.  One of those men walking into ambush is Tyree. The friend I lived Captain, use of our phasers is expressly forbidden. EE Villagers!  Enterprise, alert! Stand by to beam up Spock? Your phaser. (it is missing, so Kirk prepares to use his No, Captain. I can travel.  Beam us up, quickly.  Now, Scotty. Have medics stand by.  What happened, Captain?  Lead projectile. Primitive firearm.  Pressure packet. Lucky his heart's where his liver should be, or Coranalin.  Bones, can you save him?   All decks, Red Alert! Battle stations, battle stations! Go Kirk here.   Uhura, sir. We have a Klingon vessel on our screen.  On my way. Scotty. Bones?  I don't know yet, Jim. Captain, we're holding the planet between Make that definite, sir. They're sending a routine message to Good. Go to Yellow Alert.  Yellow Alert. All stations go to Yellow Alert.  Do you think you can keep us out of their sight, Chekov?  I can try, Captain.  Message to Starbase, sir?  No point in giving ourselves away, Lieutenant. Not until we find We can hide for a while, sir, but we may have to go out of orbit Kirk to Sickbay.   McCoy here. I'll call you soon as I know anything. Sickbay So, they've broken the treaty.  Not necessarily, Captain. They have as much right to scientific Research is not the Klingon way.  True, but since this is a hands-off planet, how are you going to When I left there thirteen years ago, those villagers had barely On Earth, about twelve, sir.  On the other hand, a flintlock would be the first firearm the And, sir, the fact Earth took twelve centuries doesn't mean We've seen different development at rates on different planets.  And were the Klingons behind it, why didn't they give them Or machine guns?  Or old-style hand lasers?  I did not invite a debate. I'm sorry. I'm worried about Spock and Agreed. Sterilite off.  He'll live or die now, Jim. I don't know which. Doctor M'Benga Then you and I are transporting down.  I can't leave Spock at this time.  You just indicated you could. There are Klingons here. If their And if that's not it?  Then I need help. Advice I can trust as much as Spock's.  I appreciate the compliment, Jim, but  Bones, I'm as worried about Spock as you are, but if the Klingons  Bridge, Scott here.  McCoy and I are transporting back down. Inform ship's stores that Captain, we may have to break out of orbit I understand. We'll arrange a rendezvous Perfect. Tyree's camp's a quarter of a mile away.  Want to think about it again, Jim? Starfleet's orders about this No interference with normal social development. I'm not only I read it. Inhabitants superior in many ways to humans. Left Indeed. And I intend to see that they have that chance. You Do I have a choice?  (shaking) Contact ship. Took full poison. Fangs.  Enterprise, McCoy. Emergency. Come in. Enterprise, come in. They left. Out of orbit.  (giving an injection) Jim, there is no antitoxin for this Tyree. Some of his men. Cure.  Are you hill people? Do you know a hunter named Tyree? A mugato  Medical log, stardate 4211.8. Kirk is You and your Garden of Eden. EE Nona, enough. In time the villagers will return to their ways ofEE I took you because you cast a spell upon me. EE The night of madness. EE No, Nona. No! It brought up evil beasts from my soul. EE Nona, where's Kirk? The cave? EE You must. He is the one I told you of. The friend of my youngerEE I gave him my promise of silence. He was made my brother. EE Nona EE I am Tyree. EE It is Kirk. She will cure him.  What's that?  A plant? It moves.  Bones. I had the strangest dream.  How do you feel, Jim?  Tired. Very tired. You did a fine job, Bones. I think I'll sleep. I want to thank you for saving his life. (Nona's hand is healedEE She must sleep also.  He is hers? EE When a man and woman are joined in this manner, he can refuse Jim.  Bones. What are you doing here? (their voices wake Tyree) Tyree.EE Yes, James! James, it's good to see you.  What am I doing here? A mugato bite! I remember. I told him toEE My wife, Nona.  Yes, of course. I should've guessed. Congratulations. Tyree, weEE Much has happened since you left, James. Come, we'll speak ofEE Come. (the men leave, but he stops Nona from following.) We willEE The firesticks first appeared nearly a year You say they make the firesticks themselves? How can you be sure?EE I've looked into their village. I have seen it being done.  Have you seen any strangers among the villagers? EE Strangers? No.  Can you take us to their village while it's still dark? EE Yes, but the mugatos travel at night also. You killed one. Its (showing his phaser) You've seen how these work.  Many ways? What else does she know about us?  We're simply strangers from EE You will not speak of this to others.  I am grateful.  A splendid custom if not carried to extremes.  We once were as you are, Spears, arrows. There came a time when Perhaps not as fast or in the way another thinks he should. ButEE No! I said I will not kill! EE You will help in ways she does not understand. I have faith in What's bothering you, Jim? If we find the Klingons have helped That's what's bothering me. The something we may have to do.EE The guard. We must wait.  Tyree, supposing you had to fight? What then?  Jim, this man believes in the same thing we believe in. That Tyree? EE Now. Come.  The gun. Ammunition. Doctor.  Jim. Coal for forge, sulphur for gun powder. Let's take a look inside.  Well, here's your forge. People's exhibit number one. A chrome (scanning) This pig iron is almost carbon-free. That village Make recorder and scanner tapes of everything.  Right. It's a pity we can't include a live Klingon. That'd just Bones!  (to Tyree) Move! Fast!  Nurse.  Hit me. The pain will help me to consciousness. Hit me. Blast you, strike me! If I don't regain consciousness soon, it Again. Continue. The pain will help me to consciousness.  (running in and dragging her away) What are you doing, woman?  Have you gone daft?  What's this all about?  She was doing as I requested, Mister Scott. A Vulcan form of Thank you, nurse. I'm quite fully recovered.  Men, this is the pan. This is the hammer. The hammer striking the Jim, I want to talk to you.  Not here, Bones. In the cave. Yutan, your turn.  Do I have to say it? It's not bad enough Exactly. Each side receives the same knowledge and the same type Have you gone out of your mind? Yes, maybe you have. Tyree's Superstition.  Is it a coincidence this is exactly what she wants?  Is it? She wants superior weapons. That's the one thing neither Jim, that means you're condemning this whole planet to a war All right, Doctor! All right. Say I'm wrong. Say I'm drugged. Say I don't have a solution. But furnishing them firearms is Bones, do you remember the twentieth century brush wars on the Yes, I remember. It went on bloody year after bloody year.  What would you have suggested, that one side arm its friends with And if the Klingons give their side even more?  Then we arm our side with exactly that much more. A balance of And what about your friend Tyree? Will he understand this No. Probably not. But I'm going to have to try and make him Well, Jim, here's another morsel of agony for you. Since Tyree Well, war isn't a good life, but it's life. His wife is the only Position, Mister Scott?  Entering distant orbit, sir. Approaching rendezvous time.  The Klingons?  They haven't spotted us yet, sir. Looks like they're beaming Stand by to signal the captain.  Aye, sir. Nona. Pardon me.  Oh? I thought it was my idea.  Nona  I'd like to talk to you.  I would like  I feel dizzy. Yes, you are lovely. You're beautiful.  Where's Captain Kirk? Tyree, the firestick. Where is it? EE There! I left it there.  That's a fine thing to leave lying around. Show us where it is. EE I do not want it.  Jim? Jim. Who hit you?  Nona. No, no. I'm all right. My phaser. She took it. EE Nona!  She's dead. EE I want more of these, Kirk. Many more! Yutan, two of those who Here.  Tomorrow in the palm of her hands.  Well, you got what you wanted.  Not what I wanted, Bones. What had to be. (McCoy hands him a  Spock, Captain. I trust all has gone well.  Spock, are you alive?  An illogical question, Doctor, since Well, I don't know why I was worried. You Spock, ask Scotty how long it would take him to reproduce a (losing his grin) I didn't get that exactly, A hundred serpents. Serpents for the Garden Ensign Chekov, Lieutenant Uhura, and I will Standard orbit, Captain.  Good. Mind the store, Mister Spock.  Acknowledged, Captain.  Lieutenant Uhura, let's go.  Yes, sir.  Energise, Scotty.  Aye, Captain.  Captain. what happened?  It must be a transporter malfunction.  That was a rough trip.  This isn't Gamma Two. Look at the colour of that sky. (it's This is the craziest landing pad I've ever seen.  That's a trinary sun.  Scott to Bridge.  Spock here.  Mister Spock, the Captain, Lieutenant Uhura, I presume you mean they vanished in a manner Aye, of course I mean that. You think I'd Have you reversed controls?  I've made all the proper checks. There was Power surge?  Not down here. All the dials were right and Recheck your equipment, Mister Scott. I'll But Captain, if we're not on Gamma Two, That's what I'd like to know. Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to Mine, too.  Captain. Look.  Phasers on stun. Fire. (nothing happens) Hand-to-hand.  Either of you hurt?  I don't think so, Captain.  Nobody's hurt, Captain. Yet.  How do you know our names?  These Providers of yours, are they  What do they want from us?  Thralls? You must be mistaken. We're officers of a United We're not going anywhere until we have some information. Who are Mister Spock, I've checked that transporter I'm beginning to believe that, Mister Scott. I've conducted two Then what the devil is happening? Does that mean their atoms are No, Doctor. Even that would show up on our sensors.  Where are they then? The only answers are negative. No magnetic storms, no ionic A negative attitude is no good to us. We can't just leave them We shall continue sensor scans, Doctor. At the moment, that is Hope? I always thought that was a human failing, Mister Spock.  True, Doctor. Constant exposure does result in a certain degree They are not within the confines of this It's been nearly an hour. Can people live that long as I have never heard of a study being done, but it would be a Fascinating? Those people are friends of ours out there, if Precisely.  The odds are not good.  No. I would say approximately four hundred  Don't quote odds and don't give me anymore dispassionate logic, I would welcome a suggestion, Doctor, even an emotional one, as First time you've ever asked me for anything, and it has to be Captain, the Enterprise. They will be They'll try, but where do they look? We're here, and we don't This system's star is a trinary. Limits it a bit, but we're a What do you want from her?  What are you doing? Get out!  Lieutenant, are you all right? Uhura! Lieutenant! Lieutenant, are Captain's log, stardate 3259.2. First Interesting. It seems to be an ionisation trail. What would account for that, Spock?  Exactly the question I have just fed to the computers, Doctor. Well, the transporter has neither the power nor the range to Plot a follow course, Ensign Haines.  You're going to leave here without them and run off on some wild Doctor, I am chasing the Captain, Lieutenant Uhura, and Ensign Initiate. Warp factor two.  You, you have been selected for me?  Chekov.  (nervous of her intentions) Oh, pleased, Pleased to know you, That's very kind of you, miss, but  I didn't realise I was so hungry. Whatever Nourishment. That's very practical. What do you call this collar? Vended? You mean bought, sold.  Our race has another name for it. Slavery. This collar of How does he work it?  Will you provide all my nourishment?  Yes, I'm sure you will. I must say, I've never seen a top It means you're a very beautiful woman.  You mean nobody's ever told you that before? well, er, beautiful Your parents. Where are they? Your mother and father.  Freestyle?  Lars and Chekov's drill thrall. They weren't born here. Where do This is ridiculous. There's nothing out We certainly seem to be heading into an empty sector.  Projecting back along the path of ionisation, the nearest system That must be two dozen light years away.  Eleven point six three zero.  Are you suggesting that they could have transported over a I'm suggesting nothing, Doctor. I am merely pursuing the only No!  I don't care whether it's allowed or not. I will not do it.  None of us will do it, Galt.  The devil with the Providers.  Cossacks.  No. No! I am responsible for the actions of my people. I demand He's pretty fast with that whip.   Hold.   Provider One bids three hundred quatloos for the newcomers.   Two thousand.  We're free people. We belong to no one.   Accepted. Mark them, Galt.  Mister Spock, it just doesn't make sense We searched the area.  It's always possible to miss something.  Such as a failure in the transporter mechanism?  No, sir. There was no sign of failure.  There was no sign of them in the area of Gamma Two.  If they weren't there it's ridiculous to think they could still In that case, Doctor, we have nothing to lose by pursuing our Slow down. Slow down. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. We've covered Oh. well, it's good to get away from that development area, even Their voices sound mechanical. Are they computers?  You've seen them. Do they have bodies?  What is this place?  It's very old. Does it have a name? Shahna, could it have been a They do have bodies, or did have.  Very pretty country. Very much like my home planet, Earth.  Where I was born. Shahna, don't you ever look at the night sky? Well, those are stars. And around them are planets. And there are From Earth, Triskelion's three suns are just a flicker of light. The thralls have no freedom, Shahna. You don't think or do Love, for one thing.  Love is the most important thing on Earth. Especially to a man On Earth, we select our own mate. Someone we care for. On Earth, All right. All right. Tell me about the Providers. What do they Stop it. Stop it! I'm responsible! I made her talk! Stop it!  Is that what you humans call compassion? It is interesting, It's all right. It's all right. You can stop crying now, Shahna. It's the custom of my people to help one another when we're in You could call it that.  Mister Scott, can we manage anything faster It's my opinion that we've gone too far as it is, sir.  He's right, Spock. We've lost Jim and the others on Gamma Two. Doctor, I do not respond to hunches. No transporter malfunction No, it doesn't. It's still a fancy way of saying that you're Doctor McCoy speaks for me, too, sir.  I see. (pause) Gentlemen, I am in command of this vessel, and we Mister Spock!  Who said anything about a mutiny, you stubborn, pointed-eared. Agreed. Mister Scott, could you manage warp seven?  I would be more than content to do so, sir, and maybe a wee bit Ensign, warp seven.  You're disturbed about what happened today.  I wouldn't like that, Shahna. I wouldn't like that at all.  I'm sorry, Shahna. (takes the magnetic key and unlocks his door)  This is going to kill our romance.  What about Lars?  He's gone to report me. I said I didn't like the food.  I think Galt is the only one who controls these collars. If we (pointing to an exit) Captain. (Galt appears, and punishment is administered.)  Sensors indicate only one concentration of life forms on the Well, at least that gives our landing force a starting point.  There will be no landing force, Doctor. Assuming the captain and Well we're not going to leave them there while we just sit and Interesting. No power source. It may be shielded.  And it may be just a wild goose chase like we've been telling I shall beam down, Doctor. If I am unable to communicate, a Well, Mister Spock, if you're going into the lion's den, you'll Daniel, as I recall, had only his faith. But I welcome your Aye, sir.   No, Mister Spock, you will not leave the ship.   None of your control systems will  What the devil's going on?  Spock? Spock!   Spock? Welcome to Triskelion, gentlemen.   By now it must be obvious to you that What the voice said was true, sir. Nothing is functioning.   Commendations, gentlemen. Your ingenuity in discovering the  What you're hearing, gentlemen, is a Provider.   We are known to the thralls as Providers because we provide Providing for all their needs means using  To fight each other, and the Providers Fascinating.   But these Providers haven't the courage to show themselves.   Your species has great curiosity.   We knew that. You are interesting in many But you are afraid.   You present no danger while you wear the  And you wear it as long as you live.  Then show yourselves.   There is no objection.  The power source. Shielded by solid rock.  (a brain pulsates red) We are one thousand of your metres Primary mental evolution. Incredible.  A species that enslaves other beings is hardly superior, mentally  The thralls are necessary to the games. We have found It's an unproductive purpose, unworthy of your intellect.   We use only inferior beings.  We have found that all life forms in the galaxy are capable of Our destruction will result only in your own. You may control the  Your ship will be destroyed by a magnetic storm. No And you call yourselves superior! You're murderers without the  Wager? Explain yourself, Captain.  My people pride themselves on being the greatest, most successful Well, then, I wager that with weapons of your own choice, right  Four hundred quatloos against the newcomers.  Wait! Wait! Hear me! We can't wager for trifles like quatloos.  Name your stakes, Captain.  If we win, the Enterprise and its crew leaves here in safety. You will educate and train them to establish a normal We have done the same with cultures throughout the galaxy. Are  And if you lose, Captain?  If we lose? We will remain here, the entire crew of the  Your stakes are indeed high, Captain.  Not for true gamesters.  Name it.   As leader of your people, your spirit seems most indomitable. Three against one? Those are pretty high odds.  Your, your terms are unfair.   On the contrary, they're extremely fair, since your Well, in that case, I'll accept your terms.   Galt will prepare you.   Because you wager your skill for all your people, they will Mister Spock, look!   Captain, you will defend. Thralls must stay in the blue area. Yes, that's clear.  What in the name of heaven is this?  Heaven's got very little to do with this.   You have won, Captain Kirk, unfortunately. However, the terms The thralls will be trained?   They will be trained. We have said it.  I think you'll find it a much more exciting game than the one Yes.  Yes.  I can't.  There's so much you must learn here first. The Providers will  Aye, sir.  Beam us up.  Our scanner survey was correct, Captain. There it is. Pure Fantastic. 20 times as hard as diamond.  Twenty one point four times as hard, to be exact.  Thank you, Mister Spock. (into communicator) Scotty, you can mark  Acknowledged, Captain. They'll send one fast enough for We won't be able to break it, Captain. I'll phaser off a Lesley.  Do you smell that? A sweet odour like honey. It was years ago, on We're in the growing season in this hemisphere of this planet. Rizzo.  Take your men. Make a swing around our perimeter. Scan for  Ready to beam back aboard, Captain?  Negative, Scotty. We're checking something out.   The USS Yorktown is expecting to rendezvous with us in less Acknowledged. Continue standing by. Kirk out.  Captain, dikironium exists only in laboratory experiments.  It's gone. I could have been wrong. The last time I caught an Kirk here.  Fire into it immediately!  Spock. Dead. And you'll find every red corpuscle gone from their Rizzo's alive, barely.  Kirk to Enterprise. Scotty, lock in on us. Medical emergency.  You think you know what it was, Captain?  Something that can't possibly exist, but it does. How's Ensign Rizzo?  Transfusions?  Kirk to bridge.  [on monitor] Spock here. Ready to leave orbit, Captain.  Hold your position.  [on monitor] Cutting in if I may, Captain. The USS Yorktown is Then you'll inform them that we might be a little late.  Jim, the Yorktown's ship surgeon will want to know how late. [on monitor] Spock again, Captain. Those medical supplies are Gentlemen, we are remaining in orbit until I find out more about You saw their colour. There wasn't a red corpuscle left in their Marks, cuts, incisions of any kind?  Not a one. What happened is medically impossible.  I suggest you look at the record tapes of past similar Thank you, Captain. I'll check those tapes immediately.  First, can you bring Ensign Rizzo to consciousness for a moment?  Yes, but it  Will it hurt him if you do so?  In his present condition, I don't think it would make much Then do so.  Give him one cc of cordazine, nurse.  Rizzo. This is the captain. Can you hear me? Do you remember what You were attacked by something. When it happened, did you notice Did you feel a presence, an intelligence?  He's beginning to sleep again. I can't risk another shot.  He's already told me what I wanted to know.  I wouldn't depend too much what he says in that half-conscious You check those record tapes. I want your medical analysis as I intend to find out. I'll be in the medical record library.  Oh, Captain. Subspace message from Not now. Have the security duty officer report to me immediately. Aye, sir.  Spock?  Continuing scanning. Still no readings of life forms on the Let's assume that it's something so completely different that our You mentioned dikironium, Captain.  Suppose it was composed of that rare element. A strange, gaseous I've scanned for that element, Captain. There's no trace of Suppose it camouflaged itself. Let's assume that it's To hide from a sensor scan, it would have to be able to change You've just suggested something that never occurred to me. It may Chekov, take over on scanner.  Are you the new security officer?  Was your father  You'll get none aboard this ship, Mister.  Captain, I have a report on Ensign Rizzo. He's dead, sir.  You knew Rizzo?  You'll get a crack at what killed him. Interested?  I want four men armed with phaser two set for disrupter effect. Over that rise. Take two men, circle around to the left. I'll Swensen, Bardoli come with me.  A phaser! Come on! (arriving at the scene) Garrovick, did you?  Mister Garrovick, we've studied your report. Mister Spock, begin. What was the size of the thing you saw, Ensign?  Composition?  Ensign, did you sense any intelligence in this gaseous cloud?  Did you get any subconscious impressions that this was a But you didn't come to actual contact with it, did you?  Did you say it hovered?  You did fire at it, didn't you?  What distance were you from the creature?  You fired at a large, hovering target at that distance and You mean you froze?  What exactly were you doing?  Do you have any further information?  Do you gentlemen have any further questions?  Ensign, you're relieved of all duties and confined to quarters You were a little hard on the boy, Jim.  He froze. One man was killed. Another may die.  Captain, scientifically  You'll both be filing reports. Make your comments and Captain, while we're waiting I've taken the We're not leaving orbit, Mister Scott. Not that quickly.  Captain, the Yorktown requesting information on how soon we Thank you.  The medicine for Theta Seven colony is not only needed I'm aware of the situation, Engineer, and I'm getting a little Agreed, sir.  Scanner readings?  Nothing, sir. Continuing to scan.  Are you aware it can change its molecular structure?  Yes, sir.  Are you scanning for any unusual movement?  Yes, sir.  Any type of gaseous cloud?  We've run a full scanner probe twice.  Then run it twenty I hope I'm not disturbing you, Doctor.  Interrupting another autopsy report is no disturbance, Mister I need your advice.  Then I need a drink.  I do not understand your reasoning.  You need advice from me? You must be kidding.  I do not joke, Doctor. Perhaps I should rephrase my statement. I Jim and his creature?  Precisely. Have you studied the incident involving the USS No. With all these deaths and injuries, I've only had a chance Fortunately, I read somewhat faster. In brief, Doctor, nearly The same as our Ensign.  His father. Among the survivors was a young officer on his first  Personal log, stardate 3620.7. Have I the right to Mind if I come in?  Kirk to bridge. Scanning report.   Continued scanning, sir. No unusual readings.  Maintain search. Kirk out. It can't have just vanished.  Sometimes they do, if we're lucky. Monsters come in many forms. Get to the point.  Jim, When a young officer is exposed to unknown dangers for the Ensign Garrovick is a ship-command decision. You're straying out Am I? I was speaking of Lieutenant James T. Kirk of the starship Because I delayed in firing at it.  You had a normal emotion. You were startled. You delayed firing If I hadn't delayed, it would have been killed.  The ship's exec didn't seem to think so. His log entry was quite Don't you understand? It killed two hundred crewmen.  Captain Garrovick was very important to you, wasn't he, Jim?  Yes. He was my commanding officer from the day I left the You don't know that, Jim. You don't know that any more than you I can't help how I feel. There's an intelligence about it, Bones. To be so obsessed.  Obsessed?  That you could destroy yourself, your career, a young boy who Don't push our friendship past the point where I have to take I'm not, Jim. This is professional, Captain. I am preparing a Do I take it, Doctor, Commander, that both of you or either of Correctly phrased, Captain. As recommended in the manual. Our Blast it! Forget the manual! Ask your questions.  Sir, the USS Yorktown is waiting now at the rendezvous point. It Skip the recitation, Spock. I know the facts.  They need those vaccines on Theta Seven, Captain. Now why are we Because I'm convinced that this is the same creature that Creature, Captain?  My report is on the tapes. As it attacked us eleven years ago, as You say you could sense its intelligence, Captain? How did it You state that it happened just as you lost consciousness. A Whatever it is, Doctor, whatever it is, wouldn't you call it Yes, there's no doubt about that.  And what if it is the same creature that attacked eleven years Obviously, Captain, if it is an intelligent creature, if it is A lot of ifs, I agree, but in my command judgment, they out weigh Jim, we're not trying to gang up on you.  And you haven't, Doctor. You've expressed the proper concern, At this point, my medical log remains open.  In that case, gentlemen  Kirk here.  I have a reading on the whatever it is, Captain. Leaving the All decks, Red Alert. Red alert. Prepare to leave orbit. Captain, we can't maintain warp eight speed Range, Mister Chekov?   Point zero four light years ahead. Our phasers won't reach We are barely closing in on it, Captain. We could be pursuing it If necessary. Do what you can to increase our speed, Scott.  Aye, sir.  Extreme magnification, Mister Chekov.  Magnification twelve. There, sir. Got it.  Spock, how do you read that?  Conflicting data, Captain. It seems to be in a borderline state And you don't find that sophisticated, Mister Spock?  Extremely efficient, Captain. Whether that indicates Open hatch on impulse engine number two. Mister Scott was doing We won't be using the impulse engines. Turn the alarm off.  Aye, sir.  Captain, we can't do it. If we keep this speed, we'll blow up Go to warp six. What's that?  (reading) A survey on Cygnian Respiratory Diseases? I thought The creature is slowing. It's down to warp Reduce speed. Approach slowly.  I don't understand. It was outrunning us.  Maybe it's decided to fight. Phasers ready?  Phasers show ready, sir.   Battle stations. All decks to battle stations. This is not a It's coming to a full halt, sir. Move in closely, Mister Chekov. Sublight one quarter speed.  Within phaser range, sir.  Lock all phasers on target.  Locked on target.  Fire phasers, Mister Chekov.  Phasers ineffectual, sir.  Photon torpedoes. Minimum spread pattern.  Minimum pattern ready, sir.  Fire photon torpedoes.  There. It's coming, sir.  Deflectors up.  Deflectors up, sir.  The deflectors will not stop it, Captain.  That's impossible.  I should have surmised this. For the creature to be able to use Five seconds to contact. All hatches and vents secure. All (over Chekov's speech) Lieutenant Uhura, all decks (rest of Captain, something's entered through the number two impulse Negative pressure in all ship's vents. Alert all decks.  Report.  When it entered impulse engine number two's vent, it attacked Bones?  One man has a chance for survival. The other is dead. You can That's enough, Bones.  It's not enough! You didn't care as long as you could hang your May I suggest that we no longer belabour the question of whether Creature, Mister Spock?  It turned and attacked, Doctor. Its method was well-considered Yes, well, it could have been many light years away from us. Impossible to tell, Captain, until I can make a closer survey of Scotty, try flushing the radioactive waste into the ventilation Aye. (leaves)  I'm sorry, Jim. I was wrong. (leaves)  Captain, the creature's ability to throw itself out of time sync If you want to play analyst, Spock, use someone else, not me. My Ensign, am I correct in my assumption that you've been disturbed I know you would prefer to wallow in emotion rather than  Kindness, Mr. Garrovick, is another human emotion, and I believe Get out of here! I'll attempt to seal it off.  On my way, Garrovick. Security to three four Security, hold it. Tricorder.  Jim, Spock may be dying.  If we let that thing into the ship, he'll have a lot of company.  See if the reverse pressure has pulled it back into the Fortunately, neither of us is dead, Ensign. The reverse pressure Don't misunderstand my next question. Mister Spock, why aren't It's that green blood of his.  My haemoglobin is based on copper, not iron.  I'll bet he left a bad taste in the creature's mouth, too.  Colloquially expressed, but essentially correct.  Yes. The scent is different. I think I understand something now.  Do you believe you're in communication with the creature?  I don't know what it is, Mister Spock, but you remember I said  Engineering to Captain Kirk. Engineering to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Scott, Captain. The creature's moving back toward the Open the vent. On my way to the bridge. Kirk out. Ensign You were on the bridge when we were attacked.  Very commendable, Ensign. What was your impression of the battle? I'm asking for your military appraisal of the techniques used And Ensign, what is your appraisal of your conduct on the planet? If you hadn't delayed firing? No difference, Ensign. No weapon Report, Mister Chekov.  Results positive, Captain. The creature has left the ship at Direction, Mister Spock.  It was bearing one two seven mark nine, but I've lost it now.  (into intercom) Mister Scott, I'll need all the speed you can It has changed course before to mislead us, Captain. Logic would No, I'm playing intuition. Mister Chekov, compute a course for Computed and on the board.  Ahead full.  Ahead full, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura, contact Starfleet and the USS Yorktown.  Frequency open and clear, sir.  Inform them that we are pursuing the creature to planet four of I do not understand, Captain.  In Garrovick's quarters, I said the scent of the creature was And you know where home is, Captain?  Yes, I think I do. I don't know how I know, but home is where it One point seven days, sir.  We will rendezvous with the USS Yorktown in forty eight hours.  I assume that you now believe we should pursue the creature and Precisely.  You don't agree with Mister Spock?  It's the time factor that bothers me. Those drugs are Doctor, evidence indicates the creature is here to spawn. If so, Antimatter seems our only possibility.  An ounce should be sufficient. We can drain it from the ship's Contact medical stores. I want as much haemoplasm as they can I presume you intend to use that haemoplasm to attract the We must get it to the antimatter. It seems attracted to red blood There is still one problem, Captain.  The blast, yes.  Exactly. A matter-antimatter blast will rip away half the A chance we'll have to take, Mister Spock.  Also, we cannot be certain the transporter will operate under That's exactly why I've decided to set the trap myself.  Captain, there is so little hemoglobin in my green blood, the Negative, Mister Spock. In case this plan fails, I'll need you It will require two men to transport the antimatter unit.  I had you in mind, Mister Garrovick. Kirk to Enterprise.   Spock here, Captain.  Proceed immediately to maximum orbit.   Acknowledged.  Let's hope it's as powerful as man will ever get. Detonator.  Kirk to Enterprise.  Spock here, Captain. Holding at thirty Antimatter container positioned and armed. We'll need something else for bait.  Garrovick, get back to the ship. Tell them to prepare to I said, get back to the ship. Ensign, I gave you an order.  Consider yourself on report. This is no time for heroics. I have  Spock here.  Scan us and lock on to us. It's going to be close. Very, very Stand by, Enterprise. (The cloud reaches them) Now! Energise and Reset. Energise.   All decks, stand by. Shock waves.  Do something.  We are, Doctor. Cross-circuiting to A.  Got them. A piece of them, anyway.  Cross-circuiting to B.  Crazy way to travel, spreading a man's molecules all over the Captain, thank heaven.  Mister Scott, there was no deity involved. It was my Well then, thank pitchforks and pointed ears. As long as it That's a fair statement, Bones. Now that the creature is dead,  Uhura here.  Have Mister Chekov lay in a course for a rendezvous with the  Aye, sir.  Oh, Ensign, meet me in my quarters when you've cleaned up. I'd The crew has performed excellently, but is Captain. There was a message from Starbase Six. Heavy Interesting. No indications of magnetic storms in this sector.  Try another channel, Lieutenant.  Aye, sir.  The Intrepid is manned by Vulcans, isn't it?  Yes, that's right, Bones.  Enterprise calling Starbase Six. Enterprise calling Starbase Spock?  What is it, Spock? Are you in pain?  Captain, the Intrepid. It just died. And the four hundred Come on, Spock, let's go down to Sickbay.  Doctor, I know what I know.  Get to the Sickbay.  Captain.  No, no, no. That's an order.  Yes, sir.  Captain, I have Starbase Six readable now. Switching to audio, Kirk here. Go ahead.  Sir, the Enterprise just completed an exhausting mission. We're Order acknowledged. Kirk out. Mister Kyle, you heard the order. Captain I have just completed a full long-range scan of Gamma Dead? It's a fourth magnitude sun. There are billions of It is dead. I assure you, Doctor, I am quite all right. The pain was All of my instruments seem to agree with you if I can trust I sensed it die.  But I thought you had to be in physical contact with a subject Doctor, even I, a half-Vulcan, could hear the death scream of Not even a Vulcan could feel a starship die.  Call it a deep understanding of the way things happen to But four hundred Vulcans?  I've noticed that about your people, Doctor. You find it easier Suffer the death of thy neighbour, eh, Spock? You wouldn't wish It might have rendered your history a bit less bloody.  Spock, you may have been right. We've lost I cannot filter out the distortion, sir. It's getting worse.  Slow to warp three.  Indications of energy turbulence ahead. Unable to analyse. I've Scanners on. Magnification three on the screen.  Exactly what are we looking for, Mister Spock?  I would assume that.  What is that?  Perhaps an interstellar dust cloud.  Not very likely, Ensign.  No. You'd be able to see stars through a dust cloud. Looks like a Still not able to analyse, Captain. Sensors are feeding data to Hold present course. Slow to warp one.  Mister Chekov, prepare to launch a telemetry probe into that Aye, sir. Probe ready. Switching data feed to library computer. Launch probe.  Probe launched, sir.  What was that?  The telemetry probe, sir. There's no signal from it.  Speculation, Spock.  I have none, Captain. Insufficient data.  Lieutenant.  I'm just dizzy. I'll be all right. I'm fine, sir.   Sickbay to Captain Kirk. McCoy here.  Kirk here. What is it?   I'm getting reports from every deck. Half the people on Uhura almost did. She says she's all right. Do you want to see Not unless she's feeling ill. I've got an emergency here.   What's wrong?  There's nothing organic. They all seem to be nervous, weak, and  Can you handle it, Bones?  I'm giving them stimulants to keep them on their feet.   Yeah, we can handle it, Jim.  Good. Kirk out. Hold our position, Mister Kyle.  Spock, give me an update on the dark area ahead.  No analysis due to insufficient information.  No speculation, no information, nothing. I've asked you three I am well aware of that, Captain, but the computers contain I don't know about you but I'm tired. If you can't tell me what It is not liquid, gaseous, or solid, despite the fact we cannot So far that's not much help.  It is not a galactic nebula such as the Coal Sack, and since our Is it possible that this is what killed that solar system and the Very possible.  Lieutenant.  Yes, sir.  Notify the Starfleet that we're going to attempt to probe the Aye, aye, sir.  Captain?  I'm all right. Distance from zone of darkness, Mister Kyle?  Ahead slow. Impulse power only.  Transmission to Starfleet complete, sir.  Very good. Time, Mister Chekov?  Penetration of the zone in one minute, seven seconds, sir.  Red Alert. Deflectors full power. Phaser banks ready.  Phasers standing by. Deflectors at full power, sir.  It's not coming from communications, sir.  Spock!  Analysing now, Captain.  Captain, the stars are gone!  Malfunction, Mister Spock?  Negative, Captain. All systems functioning properly.  Then kindly tell me what happened to the stars.  Unknown, Captain.  Kirk to McCoy.   McCoy here.  Things any better down there?   Worse. They're backed up into the corridor.  Have you got anything that will help up here? I don't want  On my way. McCoy out.  Kirk to Engineering. Scotty, there was a power loss. How come?  We lost five percent of our energy reserve,  Can you compensate for the loss?  Aye, if we don't lose any more. Don't ask me how it happened.  I am asking how, mister. I want answers. Kirk What's that?  A stimulant.  Bones, how bad is it?  Two thirds of the personnel are affected.  Why? How? Do you have any answers?  No. You know you'll get everything I can tell you. But when Nurse.  This ship is in trouble. We'd better start solving problems That sound was turbulence caused by the penetration of a What boundary layer?  Unknown.  Boundary layer between what and what?  Between where we were and where we are.  Are you trying to be funny, Mister Spock?  It would never occur to me, Captain.  Do you have any ideas, Spock?  We still have no specifics, but we seem to have entered a zone Recommendations.  I have one. I recommend survival. Let's get out of here.  This is the Captain. We're on a difficult mission, but it's not  Our mission is to investigate.   We're sick, and we're getting sicker.  We have no guarantees, but we have a good Sickbay to Captain Kirk.   Kirk here. Go ahead, Bones.  Jim, according to the life indicators, the energy levels  Yes, say it, Bones.  According to the life monitors, we're dying.  We're all dying. Are you all right?  Yes.  What was that?  I'm sorry, sir. I'm not sure. I was trying to recalibrate, and Reverse? But that was a forward lurch. How could that happen in I don't know, sir. All I know is that the power levels are down  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.  Sir, we are accelerating. We are being  By what, Spock?  Unknown, Captain. I suggest you order Mister Scott to give us He just gave us reverse power. We lurched In that case, Captain, I would suggest we Stimulants. I don't know how long we can keep this up.  What do you think, Scotty? Forward thrust?  I don't know, sir. It goes against the rules of logic.  Yes, doesn't it? Well, if it doesn't work, I'll never let Spock But  Go ahead.  That's doing it, sir. We're slowing down. But we're not Have one of your engineers monitor the instruments. Keep applying But at a dangerously low level. Well, we're still alive. I All I can contribute is the further we Engineering.  As to the power levels are concerned, everything is acting Spock.  It's logical to assume that something within this zone absorbs The same thing, not the zone itself?  I would say not, Captain. The analysis of the zone indicates it Maybe it's a shield of some kind. Some form of protection for But what?  We'll find out what it is, but we'd better get out of here Aye, Captain, but I'll reserve some for the shields in case we I submit, Mister Scott, if we do not get out, the shields would Use whatever power is necessary to get us out of here, Scotty. Captain, the Intrepid would have done all these things too, and Well, they may not have done all of these things. You just True. It is also true they never knew what was killing them. Explain.  Vulcan has not been conquered within its collective memory. The What was it you sensed?  The touch of death.  And what do you think they felt?  Astonishment.  That ought to do it. Engineering to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here. What is it, Scotty?  Ready to try it when you are, sir.  Do we have the power to pull it off, Scotty?   I hope so, Captain.  Stand by. All hands, this is the captain. We are slowly being  All available power   Into one giant forward thrust  In the hope that it will yank us out of the Scotty!   It's no good, sir. The best we can do is to maintain thrust Are we still losing power?  Aye, sir.   How long will the power hold out?  At this rate, plus the drain on all systems, two hours.  Maintain thrust, Scotty. While we're I cannot say what it is, Captain, but I would say it has found Prepare to launch a probe, Mister Chekov.  Aye, sir. Probe ready for launch, sir.  Getting very confused readings, Captain, but this is definitely Launch probe.  Probe launched, sir.  Probe will impact in seven point three seconds.  Are we still in contact with the probe?  Yes, sir. Data being relayed to Mister Spock.  Readings coming in now, Captain. Length, approximately eleven Magnification four.  Magnification four, sir.  That is what is drawing us toward it, Captain. The same way it That is an amoeba.  Yes, I remember my basic biology, Doctor. You mean to tell me Yes, for lack of a better term. It's a very simple form of life. Energy itself, perhaps, drained from us. I would speculate that The Intrepid died of that particular virus. How is it we The Intrepid must have come across the organism while it was What about this zone of darkness? Does the organism generate it It's one of the things we've got to find out. We've got to take The closer we get, the faster our energy drains out. We're barely Perhaps we could risk the shuttlecraft. Perhaps with a I'm not sending anyone anywhere. Unmanned probes can give us the I must differ with you, Captain. We have sent unmanned probes We could send one man in, pinpoint its vulnerable spots.  DO you know what the odds are in coming back? I can't order a man Who said anything about an order, Jim? You've got a volunteer. It's a suicide mission.  The thing evidently has reflexes. The unmanned probe we sent in All right, so I'd know enough to go slow when we penetrated its You have a martyr complex, Doctor. I submit that it disqualifies Do you think I intend to pass up the greatest living laboratory The Vulcans saw it first and died.  Just because the Vulcans failed  I am more capable.  Gentlemen, I am not taking volunteers.  You don't think you're going?  I'm better qualified as a command pilot than you are.  Which makes you indispensable, Captain. Further, you are not a Jim, that organism contains chemical processes we've never seen We don't have one day, Doctor. We have precisely one hour and Jim  Captain, I  Gentlemen, I'll decide. Captain's personal log, stardate 4309.2. We Engineering to Captain Kirk.   Kirk here.  You asked me to keep you informed on the power drain. All levels  And still draining. We can maintain Very well. Prepare the shuttlecraft for launching.   Sir?  Doctor McCoy will tell you what special equipment to put in. Kirk Right. I'll get a few things I need, Jim.  Not you, Bones. I'm sorry, Mister Spock. You're best qualified to Do not suffer so, Doctor. This is not the Nothing has been proven yet, Spock. The DNA code analyser will I am familiar with the equipment, Doctor. We're wasting time. You're determined not to let me share in this, aren't you?  This is not a competition, Doctor. Whether you understand it or Vulcan dignity? How can I grant you what I don't understand?  Then employ one of your own superstitions. Wish me luck.  Good luck, Spock.  All systems clear for shuttlecraft launch. Launch shuttlecraft.  Lieutenant Uhura, channel automatic telemetry directly to the Aye, aye, sir.   Shuttlecraft to Enterprise.  Come in, Spock.  Power drain is enormous and growing worse.  Chekov.   Diverting all secondary power to the shields. (McCoy Captain, h e won't have enough power to get back out if he Spock.   I heard, Captain.  We discussed that possibility earlier. But  When do you estimate penetration?  Slowing now. Contact in eighteen point three seconds. Brace  In six seconds.  Report, Mister Spock. Spock, report.   I am undamaged, Captain. Relay to Mister Scott I had three There was nothing to spare. I shall continue You want to bet?  I am moving slowly now, establishing course Sir, Mister Spock has reduced life-support Spock, save your power for the shields.  Calculations indicate the shields will last only forty seven  However, I am able to identify the Changes indicate the organism has stored You mean there'll be two of those things?   I'm having difficulty maintaining ship control.  Spock, do you read me? Spock, do you read me?   I'm losing voice contact I will transmit internal Spock, come in. Come in.  Contact lost, sir.  He's alive! He's kicked it in the side to let us know.  Captain, I'm getting telemetry.  Mister Chekov, telemetry analysis as it comes in.  According to Spock's telemetry information, there are over If the energy of that organism only doubles, we're dead, and Well, all I know is, that soon there'll be two, four, eight, and Spock understood when he transmitted the co-ordinates of the Captain, the pull from that organism is increasing, and the How much time do we have?  No more than an hour now, sir.  Put all secondary systems on standby. Shield power has Aye, sir.  Captain, I'm receiving a message from Mister Spock on a Put it on, Lieutenant.  On audio, sir.   This is Spock.  I am slowly losing life support and minimal  (Barely audible over static) The How do you feel?  What's on your mind?  Spock. Is it me, Jim? Am I so sentimental that I just have to He knew the odds when he went out there, just as you did when you It's a disease, like a virus invading the body of our galaxy.  Yes, it is, isn't it? How many cells does the human body have?  Millions.  This thing, this cell, this virus. It's eleven thousand miles Now, isn't that a thought? Here we are, antibodies of our own Antibodies. Antibodies. (goes to desk monitor) Bridge.   Scott here, sir.  Scotty, how much power do we have left?  We're down to forty three percent, sir.  We can't last more than forty five What would happen if you diverted all remaining power to the Cut the engine thrust? We'd be sucked into Exactly. Prepare to divert power on my Have you got something to say?  Technically, no. Medically, yes. Between the stimulants and the I don't have a few minutes, Bones. Maybe none of us do. Let's go. All hands, this is the captain. We're going Ready, Scotty.  Switching power to shields. Impulse in reserve. Cutting thrust We're through, sir.  I believe everybody is aware of that, Mister Chekov.  Damage control parties report minimal damage, sir. Repairs are Very good, Lieutenant.  Captain, we've only twenty six percent power reserves after Do we have impulse power, Scotty?  I saved all I could, sir, but I don't know whether we have We are committed.  Aye, we are, but we're committed to what? We have no power for We couldn't use it. We'd cook ourselves along with that mess of That thing would probably like phasers. It eats power.  Then what the devil, begging your pardon sir, are we doing?  Mister Spock was trying to tell us what to do when we lost voice We can't use the power to destroy it.  Anti-power.  What?  This thing has a negative energy charge. Everything seems to work Aye, it couldn't swallow that.  Mister Chekov, prepare a probe. Scotty, we'll need a magnetic It's on its way, sir.  Mister Chekov, we'll use a timing detonator for the probe. Work Aye, sir.  Helmsman, when do you estimate arrival at nucleus?  How close are you going to it?  Point blank range. We'll implant it then back away.  Why? The probe has a range of  With the eddies and currents in that protoplasm, the probe could How long do you think you can keep taking that stuff? It'll blow Keep me together for another seven minutes. That's all I need.  Personal log, Commander Spock, USS (also making a log entry) We have arrived at Target co-ordinates programmed, sir. Probe ready for launch.  Mister Scott, how much time do we have left at one hundred Six, maybe seven minutes, sir.  Mister Kyle, programme fuse for seven minute delay. All Aye, sir.  Programming complete. Ready for launch.  Launch probe at zero acceleration. Forward thrust off, one tenth Probe launched, sir.  Despite what Spock said, it's still plenty sensitive.  Probe confirmed. It is lodged in the nucleus, near the Mister Kyle, back us out the way we came in. Mister Chekov, a Estimate we'll be out in six point thirty seven minutes.  Very good.  Captain, metallic substance outside the ship.  Spock?  Lieutenant, get me Spock's voice channel. Highest possible gain.  Go ahead, sir.  Spock, do you read me? Do you read me, Spock, do you read me? Captain, we don't have enough time to do it. We only have a I'm well aware of that, Mister Scott. Get two tractor beams on Aye, sir. Tractor beams on.   Captain, I recommend you abandon the attempt.  Do not risk the ship further on my behalf.  Shut up, Spock! We're rescuing you.  Why, thank you, Captain McCoy.  Time until explosion?  Fifty seven seconds, sir.  Maintaining tractor beams on shuttlecraft, Mister Scott?  Aye, sir. I can't guarantee it'll hold when the warhead You may have just written our epitaph, Mister Scott.  Activate main viewing screen. (they see stars.) Mister Chekov, The organism is destroyed, sir. The explosion must have Power's coming back, sir.  Shuttlecraft?  I don't know how, sir, but it's still with us.  Shuttlecraft to Enterprise. Shuttlecraft to Spock, you're alive!  Obviously, Captain. And I have some Don't be so smart, Spock. You botched the Later, later, later. Bring the shuttlecraft aboard, Mister Scott. Aye, sir.  Mister Chekov, lay in a course for Starbase Six. Ahead warp Approaching Sigma Iotia Two, Captain.  Standard orbit, Mister Chekov.  Captain, I have received vocal contact from an official station. Boss? All right, Lieutenant, put him on. Oxmyx. This is Captain Yes. Unfortunately, the Horizon was lost with all hands shortly Difficult to explain. We received a report a hundred years late I'll explain it in more detail when I see him. The ship won't Scotty, do you have the co-ordinates?  Located, sir.  Good. Mister Oxmyx, we have your intersection located. Will five Good. I'll be looking forward to it. Kirk out. Scotty, you have Spock, McCoy, we're beaming down. Standard equipment.  The Horizon's contact came before the They must have interfered with the normal evolution of the It will be interesting to see the results of the contamination.  We don't know there is contamination. The evidence is only What was the state of the Iotian culture before the Horizon The beginnings of industrialisation.  Horizon reports indicate the Iotians are So we're going down to recontaminate them.  The damage has been done, Doctor. We are here to repair it.  Let's not argue about it. Let's go study it. Energise. Fascinating.  This is like coming home.  Home was never like this. I've seen pictures of the old days that Interesting, Captain. Passers-by are carrying, I believe, Sir, would you mind explaining that statement, please?  That's a weapon. Be careful with that.  Look, we were asked to come down here by Mister Oxmyx. He said  Well, those firearms are not necessary.  Who, me?  What?  Sir, does everyone here carry firearms?  Well, since this Oxmyx asked us down here, don't you think we Is this how you greet all your guests?  That man's dead back there.  Sir, there are several questions I would like to ask.  This is the contamination you're looking for, Jim.  Yes, but the Horizon crew wasn't composed of cold-blooded Is this the way your citizens do business, their right of Depends.  No, thank you. You're Mister Oxmyx.  This is my first officer, Mister Spock, Doctor McCoy.  Yes. Judging from what we've seen so far, I agree.  They call you The Boss, Mister Oxmyx. The boss of what?  You're the government here?  But there are other bosses, other territories?  Does that include, if I may ask, a gentleman called Krako?  Captain? Gangsters. Chicago. Mobs. Published in 1992. Where'd I know it's a book.  This is the contamination, Captain. Astonishing. An entire You said they were imitative, and the book  Did they leave any other books?  What is it you want?  Now let me get this straight. You want us to supply you with arms Fascinating, but quite impossible.  Mister Oxmyx, my orders are quite explicit. Under no circum  Don't do that. You could knock out the side of the building.  Out of the question.  Hold it. It's a communication device.  It's locked onto my ship's systems.  Scott here. Who's this?  Am I to understand that you're holding the captain and his I don't know. (Oxmyx ends the transmission, laughing) Lieutenant One book on the gangs of Chicago did all this. It's amazing.  They evidently seized upon that one book as the blueprint for an It's the Bible.  In old Chicago, conventional government almost broke down. The Yeah, well, Oxmyx is the worst gangster of all.  We may quarrel with Mister Oxmyx' methods, but his goal is If this society broke down as the result of the Horizon's Unfortunately, I do not have access to my computers, nor are Well, I've got an idea about that. (goes over to the card table Oh, yes, yes. I wouldn't waste my time.  On Beta Antares Four, they play a real game. It's a man's game, I'm familiar with the culture on Beta Antares. There aren't Spock. Spock. (sits) Of course, the cards on Beta Antares Four Fizzbin. It's not too difficult. (begins dealing) Each player Yes. The second card is turned up, except on Tuesdays.  Oh, look what you got, two jacks. You got a half fizzbin already. No, no. If you got another jack, why, you'd have a sralk.  Yes. You'd be disqualified. You need a king and a deuce, except Right. Oh, look at that. You've got another jack. How lucky you Yes, but what you're after is a royal fizzbin, but the odds in I have never computed them, Captain.  Well, they're astronomical, believe me. Now, for the last card. Spock, find the radio station. Uhura's monitoring the broadcasts. Surely, you're coming, Captain.  I will, but I'm bringing Bela Oxmyx with me.  Jim, you can't  Bones, this mess is our responsibility. You have your orders. If you don't mind, I'd rather walk.  I'm beginning to get the idea.  You do that very well. Now, how are you with primitive radio Very simple. Amplitude modulation transmission. I simply adjust Fascinating.  And very simple.  Let me see. (throws a few more switches and picks up the  Lieutenant Uhura here, Mister Spock.  Mister Spock, what are you doing on this A very long and complicated story, And you?  Would you mind telling me how you even know who I am?  You want to make a deal.  Let me guess. You want, you'll want heaters, and then you'll want I got a better idea. This planet has to be united. You know that. No, I don't think you're stupid. I just think your behaviour is I'm sorry, Krako. No deal.  Well?  Futile, Doctor. No specifics. There is no record of such a You mean you're giving up?  No, Doctor. I'm merely saying the computers can offer us no Mister Spock, Mister Oxmyx is making contact from the surface.  On audio, Lieutenant. Mister Oxmyx, this is Mister Spock.  Irrelevant, since we are here.  Why would he put a bag on our captain?  If I understand you correctly, that would seem to be a problem.  I'm afraid I find it difficult to trust you, Mister Oxmyx.  You'll show no further hostility?  Since we must have our captain back, I  We shall arrive in your office within You mean you're going to trust him?  If we are to save the captain without blatant, forceful Help me! Help! Help me!  Mister Scott, though we hope to avoid Aye, sir.  Now you're beginning to make sense.  I trust we shall not have to use them, but it is best to be Mister Oxmyx, I understood we had an arrangement, a truce.  We're trying to help you, Oxmyx.  Sir, you are employing a double negative.  I fail to see why you do not understand us. You yourself have Co-operation, sir, would inevitably result  Drop the guns. Drop 'em. (McCoy and Spock take back their I thought you were supposed to report to the ship, Mister Spock.  We did, Captain. The situation required our return.  It may be just as well. Did you find out anything from the Nothing useful. Logic and practical information do not seem to You admit that?  To deny the facts would be illogical, Doctor.  Then you don't mind if I play a hunch?  I'm not sanguine about hunches, Captain, but I have no practical What are we going to do now, Jim?  Well, now that we have Bela, I'm going to put the bag on Krako. Get out of 'em.  I said.  You too! Get out of the clothes. Nobody's going to put the bag on Wheels, Mister Spock.  A fliwer, Captain.  Key in the ignition. Turn the ignition on. And nothing happens. Interesting.  (pushing the gear lever and making grinding noises) Oops! Gears.  Yes. Oh. I believe they had a device known as a clutch. Clutch, (puts it quietly into gear) I kind of like this. I'm going to get Captain, you are an excellent starship commander, but as a taxi It was that bad?  Now, that could be a bit of a problem. If they were inside, where If we can get close enough to them, we should be able to render They don't look like the trusting type.  I beg your pardon?  Young man, run along and play.  Young man  Young man, this is likely to be quite hazardous.  Hold on, Spock. Out of the mouths of babes  I'm calling you a babe.  Yeah I'm calling you a babe, but there's nothing personal in it. How?  What do you want?  You do not even know what the action is going to be.  Logical.  All right, young man. We'll guarantee you a piece of the action Done. (they shake on it) What do we do?  That's it. Let's go.  Sonny!  Sonny! Wait a moment. What have they done? What have they done to A piece of the action.  No one can see. Put your phaser on stun.  I think you've got it reversed, Mister Krako.  Captain, I believe that perhaps it would be wise to do as he The sound of a machine gun bolt being pulled back. (there are two Mister Krako, I don't, er  I'm trying to tell you, Mister Krako, that this is bigger than Can you trust all your men?  Well, one of these can make a man a pretty big boss, you know.  All right, Krako, we don't have time to show you how to play with What do you think we're here for, to get a cut of your deal? Unquestionably.  Right?  Right.  Now look, Krako, we're taking over the whole ball of wax. You A miniscule. A very small piece.  That's, er. We'll figure it out later.  Who's interfering? We're taking over. Check?  Right.  The planet is being taken over by the Federation, but we don't What do you care as long as you're being cut in? Course, there's Kirk to Enterprise.   Enterprise. Scott here.  All right, Scotty. We made a deal with Krako.  We did, sir?  Yeah. We're ready to make the hit. We're Do you think that's wise, sir?  Sure. We can trust Krako, but we don't have  Of course, Scotty, I'd like to show him Aye. I know indeed.  Scotty, we'll need phasers to equip every one  Aye, Captain.  Captain. We're preparing everything. It'll You may begin, Mister Scott.   Acknowledged, Captain.  Not exactly.  Right?  Check.  It looks like we put the bag on you, doesn't it.  You've got nothing. You mind your place, mister, or you'll be Er. Aye. Must we?  It's faster than walking.  But not as safe.  Are you afraid of cars?  Not at all, Captain. It's your driving that alarms me.  Spock, I've got the hang of it. Now go on.  Where are they?  Wrong again, Oxmyx.  Jim.  Knock it off, Sawbones. I want to talk to this creep. Now listen, You're a penny-ante operator. Sit down. All right, Spocko, cover Kirk to Enterprise.  Enterprise. Scott here, sir.  You got Krako on ice?   Aye, he's here. Mad enough  To chew neutronium, but behaving himself.   Okay, baby. Cool him till I flag you.  Flag me?  Keep him until I send for him. We're going to  What?  Find the man at the other end of the phone   And transport him to these co-ordinates. Can do, sweetheart?  Can do, Captain.   Standing by.  Now you. Get on the blower and call the other bosses.  Get with it. I'm giving the orders here.  Scotty?   Scott here.  Lock in and energise.  Yeah.  I would advise you to keep dialing, Oxmyx. All right! All right! All right! All right! Now the Federation's I'm cutting the Federation in for forty percent. You got any Hang on a minute. Hang on a minute. Quiet! Just a moment!  There are over four hundred guys there.  Now, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Get that heater down. Don't All right, but at least let me call my ship one last time and say Hello, Scotty. This is Kirk.  Enterprise. Scott here, sir.   Scotty, put the ship's phasers on stun. Fire a burst in a Right away, sir. Scott out.  They're not dead, just knocked out for a while. But they might I was talking about both.  Hey, Bela, no, no, no. The Federation can't get connected with a Yeah, I think forty percent's sufficient.  It's reasonable, Mister Oxmyx. Let's break out some of your Gentlemen, you two have been brooding ever Brooding, Captain?  Brooding, Mister Spock. A sombre, emotional state. Now, do you Captain, I'm neither brooding nor sombre. But I do have Ah, yes. I understand that. You don't think it's logical to leave Highly irregular, to say the least, Captain. I'm also curious as Yes, that's a very good question, Mister Spock. I propose our cut I don't know how serious this is, Jim, and I don't quite know Go ahead.  But in all the confusion I  Tell me.  I think I left it in Bela's office.  You left it?  Somewhere. I'm not certain.  You're not certain of what?  I left my communicator.  In Bela's office?  Captain. If the Iotians, who are very bright and imitative They will, they will. And they'll find out how the transtator The transtator is the basis for every important piece of Everything.  You really think it's that serious?  Serious? Serious, Bones? It upsets the whole percentage.  How do you mean?  Well, in a few years, the Iotians may demand a piece of our No life form readings, Captain. Continuing scan.  Well, somebody sent a distress call.  No sign of the spaceship. No sign of debris.  I am getting readings on small metallic objects, Captain. It is But where are they?  Confirmed.  I'm Captain James T. Kirk, of the starship Enterprise. We came in You have a very strange sense of humour, Mister  Stay there.  It's all right.  Interesting. A neural field?  What do you want?  Voyage? Where?  Andromeda? Why?  What brings you here?  Well, sorry. This galaxy is already occupied.  Something penetrating from the planet.  Increase power to shields.  It's dead, sir. All major power disabled.  Sound Red Alert.  Red Alert. All personnel, man your battle stations. Go to Red Engineering, come in.  Life support, come in.  What's the point of capturing my ship? Even at maximum warp, the What happened to your ship?  Yes, I know. We've been there.  Why use our vessel? Why not transmit a message to your galaxy?  Rojan, there's no reason to do this by force. Let's take your In other words, the galaxy isn't big enough for both of us.  The Federation has handled foreign invasions before.  Fascinating material. Similar to diburnium, but considerably All right. We can't break out. There must be another way.  That's a very good question.  They registered as human.  No, Doctor. More than that. They registered as perfect human Spock, what are the odds in such absolute duplication of life The chances are very much against it.  They have the paralysis field. Rojan mentioned something about a Yes. If we could put that out of operation, we might have a Gentlemen, I'm constrained to point out we do not even know what Those devices on their belts might indicate the source of the Possible. I would have to have one to examine.  You'll get your chance, but you'll do it under orders.  On Eminiar Seven, you were able to trick the guard by a Vulcan Yes, I recall, Captain. I led him to believe we had escaped.  Do you think you can do it again?  I shall attempt it.  Are you all right?  Yes, I will be all right, Captain. We must hurry.  I'm responsible. Let them go.  Spock, are you sure you're all right?  Yes, quite all right, Doctor.  You didn't look very well when you broke that mind touch.  I did not break it, Doctor. I was thrown away by something I've What was it?  A series of bizarre and exotic images bursting on my mind and Do you mean that's what the Kelvans really are?  Undoubtedly.  Well, if they look that way normally, why did they adapt Perhaps practicality. They chose the Enterprise as the best Well, that's enough. One wrong move, and they jam all our neural Jam. Spock, if you reverse the circuits on McCoy's I'm dubious of the possibilities of success, Captain. The Is there a chance at all?  A small one.  We'll take it. You and Bones have to get to the ship.  How?  Yes. Mister Spock, you're sick.  I assure you, Captain, I am in perfect health.  No, you're not. Doctor McCoy has given you an thorough It's a good idea, Jim, but anyone looking at him can tell he's Vulcans have the ability to place themselves in a kind of trance, We find it more restful to the body than your so-called Can you do it now and come out of it in the sickbay, say in half It will take me a moment to prepare.  Go ahead.  Jim, his heartbeat really is slow. His pulse is practically (goes to the door) Hanar? Hanar.  Mister Spock is ill. The doctor thinks he may be dying.  He may die. If I can get him up to sickbay, there's a chance Do what you can with him, Bones.  Prepare two ccs of stokaline.  Don't argue, nurse. Just get it. (injects Spock) This may be the Please, nurse, just follow orders, will you?  There, that should do it. Just let him rest now. (to Tomar) You What do you want from me now?  My duty is to stop you in any way I can.  Or you will kill more of my people?  Flowers. I don't know the variety.  A rose by any other name.  A quote from a great human poet, Shakespeare. That which we call We've jumped to warp eight.  Increase speed to warp eleven, Mister Chekov.  Rojan, I'm going to sickbay. My first officer was taken ill.  Anything?  I've located their power source, captain. It's installed in We're just going to jam it.  I've tied in all the lab computers. That will give it a bit more This is it. Now all we have to do  Whatever it is we must do, it is impossible.  Why?  This material surrounding the projector is the same as I That's it, then.  There is one other possibility, Mister Scott. The final I see what you're getting at. I can't say I like it.  Nor I. But it must be made available to the captain.  Well?  Impossible, Captain. The power source is protected by a material What alternative?  The barrier we must penetrate is composed of negative energy.  I have opened the control valves to the matter-anti-matter What?  When we engage the barrier, the ship will explode. The Kelvans And so will we.  Are you mad? I can't just  Reading, Spock.  Sensors indicate density negative, radiation negative, energy Outside hull temperatures rising, sir. It's over two thousand Hold your position.  We made it.  Instruments returning to normal, Captain.  All decks report. Damage and casualties.  Several systems out, sir. Operating on emergency backup. None Life support systems sustaining on emergency.  I'll have a full report on ship's status for you in a moment, Thank you. So are yours.  What neutralising operation?  No!  Is this all?  I have reviewed ship's personnel, Captain. It appears we four Scotty tells me you could've destroyed the ship in the barrier. I couldn't.  But that was our only chance to stop them  I didn't think it was.  Jim  Bones, that's enough!  Jim, I saw them reduce four of my doctors and nurses into those They've reduced the whole crew! (thumps table in anger)  Before you condemn it, why not try it?  It's your idea, Doctor. Go ahead.  All right, I'll show you how to work the selector.  (whispering) Sir, why don't we try again to knock out the Even if we could, it's out of the question. We need that Then how will we stop the Kelvans?  Captain?  I'm delighted.  Most curious.  What is?  The isolated glimpses of things I saw when I touched Kelinda's But then Tomar shouldn't be enjoying the taste of his food.  Yes. Quite correct, Captain. But they have taken human form and If he keeps reacting like that, he's going to need a diet.  If they all respond to stimulation of the senses, then maybe we That seems reasonable.  All right. It may be our only chance. Look for any way to I can think of one way right off. (goes over to Tomar) Lad, I don't know about that.  Well, that body of yours is a bit anaemic. Comes from taking I'm going to give you a shot. High-potency vitamin concentrate. Am I disturbing you?  I wish to apologise.  For hitting you. I'm sorry.  Yes, well, I don't usually go around beating up beautiful women.  Well, there are better things for men and women to do.  Is this where I hit you?  Oh. I'm sorry. (he kisses it) Is that better?  This is.  Well, among humans, it's meant to express warmth and love.  Me?  We enjoy it.  Kelinda, I'm sorry I brought up the whole subject.  I did.  Not when I came in.  Not of this.  Yes. Humans are very peculiar. I often find them unfathomable, I believe you're referring to a kiss. But it is my understanding Your game is off. Are you disturbed by the incident?  You've known Kelinda for some time. She's a Kelvan as you are. Captain Kirk seems to find her quite attractive.  You are not jealous?  Nor upset?  Checkmate.  I found this on Ganymood, er, Ganymede.  Well, it's, er. (peers at it, sniffs it) It's green.  Well, now, let's see. You've had three shots. I think you better All I have is a bottle of very, very, very old Scotch. Whisky!  I'll get it! (takes the helmet off a breastplate and reaches in, Never mind. Gie us your glass.  The thing is, I can't tell if we're getting We haven't seen Tomar either. But my man Hanar is getting more Rojan has exhibited symptoms of jealousy.  Doctor, I'm due for another injection of stokaline.  Hmm?  Stokaline.  Oh. You will pardon us.  You had something to say?  Yes?  Yes. We do think a great deal about it.  You have a question?  Yes, that's too bad. Why do you defy him?  Huh. And how's the research going?  Automatic sensors and various other recording devices require If you wish, I shall call him to the bridge.  I left him in the recreation room.  No, Kelinda was with him. She seemed anxious to speak to him.  It would appear, sir, that you have little control over her. Or We did it, you and me. Put him right under the table. (takes the That's not enough, Rojan.  If you can't keep her, that's not my problem.  Why don't you use your paralyser? You thought I was taking your I'm stimulating him. (McCoy pushes him back into the fight.) You Look what's happened in the short time you've been exposed to us. Your mission is to find new worlds for your people to live in. No. But we would welcome friends.  Rojan, you are only a link in a chain, following an order given A robot ship could be sent to Kelva with the Federation Seems to me that little planet you were on is kind of nice.  You see, Rojan, being human does have certain advantages. Being Turn the ship around. We're going home.    The reading's growing stronger, Captain. It's not a signal, sir. It does not seem to even exist, and yet Well?  Someone or something is attempting to attract our attention.  Someone or something has succeeded. Our distress signal relays I do not know. Not even a Vulcan can know the unknown, Captain. Planet dead ahead, Captain. Becoming visual.  Class M planet, Captain.  Close to Earth conditions.  With two very important exceptions. It's much older than Earth, Are your hailing frequencies open?  No, sir.  Who are you, Sargon?  Is that a request or demand?  The planet is dead. There's no possibility of life there as we (dictating log) Since exploration and contact Over three weeks at this distance, sir.  Captain.  Got something?  Sensors registering some form of energy deep inside the planet.  Reading energy only, Captain. No life forms.  Coming from deep under the planet's surface, Captain. Under at Reading a chamber now. Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere, suitable for Lieutenant Uhura, have Doctor McCoy report to the transporter Yes, sir.  Spock.  Captain, I do wish to inspect whatever this is that lived that And I would like to have my science officer with me on something All power gone, sir.  On the other hand, perhaps this Sargon would like you to come Fascinating.  All normal. No damage at all.  I see. Will you transport down with us, Mister Spock?  Evidently, Captain.  Mister Sulu, you have the conn. Jim, why no briefing on this? I'd at least Easy, Bones. As long as you know there's something down there, I don't like it, sir. The transporter co-ordinates preset by an Inside solid rock?  Unlikely. These co-ordinates correspond with the location of the I have a feeling that they or it could destroy us just standing Who are you?  By whom?  I'm sure she did, Captain, Just as you received an order to Oh, yes.  Let's get back to this solid rock business. Just how much rock Approximately one hundred twelve point three seven miles, Miles? Are you joking?  No, we're not. Let's go.  Doctor, if you prefer to stay behind?  No. No, if I'd be useful, as long as you're going down, I might Captain, the security guards.  Kirk here.   Can you read me, Captain?  Yes, Scotty, and I shouldn't be able to this deep inside the They're fine. They Just didn't  I don't like it, sir.  No problem yet. Maintain alert. Kirk out.  This vault was constructed about a half a million years ago. Composition of walls?  They're an alloy or substance completely unknown to me. Much The air seems fresh. It must be re-circulated somehow.  Is that for us, or does it need fresh air?  Sargon, would it harm you if I  Pure energy. Matter without form.  Impossible.  But you once had a body of some type?  That's twice you've referred to us as my children.  That would tend, however, to explain certain elements of Vulcan A war?  Then perhaps your intelligence wasn't so great, Sargon. We faced I don't understand.  You said you wanted our help. What is it you wish?  Just a moment, Doctor.  I am Sargon.  Where's our captain? Where's Jim Kirk?  He is unharmed. I have taken his body to demonstrate  (drawing his phaser) I won't go along with this. Back to where And if he refuses, Doctor, what do you propose to do with your Lungs filled with air again. To see again. Heart pumping, What are your plans for it? Can you exchange places again when Have no fear. Your captain is quite unharmed, although his mind Doctor?  Are you aware of what's happening to his body? Heart action What is it you want of us?  In the next room, there are other receptacles. The other two of Even for us, a half million years is almost too long to wait. Two When the struggle came which devastated your planet  Only the best minds were chosen to survive. Thalassa, my wife, as Fascinating.  We knew the seed that we had planted on other planets would take These others, they were stored differently than you, but it wasyour task to remain in the receptacle out there  and search the To steal? To take them from you? No, no, my children, you And destroy them, just as you're burning that one up now. I will return your captain to you before the body limit has been Our bodies, Sargon, for what purpose?  To build. To build humanoid robots. We must borrow your bodies Then you intend to construct mechanical bodies, move your minds No. Our methods, our skills are far beyond your abilities. It is Is it you, Jim? (a nod) Good, his metabolic rate is back to Captain, do you know what happened? Do you remember any part of Yes. Sargon borrowed my body. I was floating in time and space.  He doesn't appear to be harmed. Physically, anyway.  Spock, I remember. When Sargon and I exchanged, as we passed each That's the most ridiculous statement I've ever heard. An alien Sargon.  And what if we should decide against you?  You're going to what? Are they all right in No comment.  A simple transference. Their minds and ours.  Quite simple. Happens every day.  Scotty, I need your approval, too. Since you'll work with them, It all seems rather indecent to me.  Once inside their mechanical bodies, engineer, they can leave Bones, they'll show us medical advances, miracles you never Ach! You're joking.  No, he's not.  They're giants, and we're insects beside them. They could They selected us as the most compatible bodies.  What's your attitude on that, Doctor?  A starship engine the size of a walnut? That's impossible. But I Bones? You could stop all this by saying no. That's why I called Then I'll still want one question answered to my satisfaction. They used to say if man could fly, he'd have wings. But he did The extreme power of the alien mind will drive the heart action Well, I guess we're as ready as we'll ever be, Jim.  Ready, Sargon.  (with echoy Sargon voice) The transference is complete.  (with a grin and echoy voice) Hello. Oh, you are a lovely You're welcome.  Here. In this body.  And I too am pleased, beloved.  Kiss.  This is an excellent body, Doctor. I seem to have received the Vulcans worship peace above all, Henoch.  Yes, of course, Just as we do, Doctor.  Nurse!  Henoch, you'd better get back to bed too.  It will be unnecessary, Doctor. This Vulcan body is accustomed Sargon, it won't work. You've got to get out before you kill We will vacate at once until you can administer a metabolic A what?  I'll prepare the formula, Sargon.  Henoch, your condition?  I can continue in this body for several hours.  Fortunate. We will vacate at once.  This woman will assist me. (to Chapel) You will take me to your Bones, what?  It was close, Jim. You both barely got back alive. Unless the Now. this formula will reduce the heart This hypo you will code mark for Thalassa. And this one you will This one you will administer to Captain Kirk while Sargon is in No, that's correct. But since I will arrange for you to What were you saying?  Yes. Well, you were about to say that you watched me prepare the Very good. You see, Sargon would not permit me to keep this As planned, the construction of android I remember. You held my hand like this.  I think it best not to remember so well.  In two days, you'll have your own hands, Thalassa. Mechanically Our minds will have survived. And as androids, we can move among Nothing. Our next injection will renovate me. Do not be Nurse, how are the last metabolic readings on our patients?  Is something wrong, Miss Chapel?  Regarding our patients?  You look tired, Miss Chapel. Perhaps you'd care for me to For all the good it'll do you. It's a fancy name, but how will I tell you, lady, this thing won't work.  It will have twice the strength and agility of your body, A thousand-year prison, Thalassa. And when it wears out we'll When you awoke in this body, Thalassa, you said how good it was Sickbay.   Sickbay. McCoy.  Sargon here, McCoy. I'm in your deck six briefing room.   You sound terrible. Wait there for me.  Nothing of importance. Fatigue perhaps.  Yes. I wanted to be certain there was no error. Formula is That will take months, perhaps years. We haven't that choice, No, beloved. If we torment ourselves  Our thoughts will intertwine.  Hypo.  He's dead. Yes, we can keep them going for a few weeks, or a month. For all This is your new home, Thalassa. Once occupied, I'll add female You have no excuse to keep the real body any longer. Sargon Yes?  But you said that was impossible.  I see. And Henoch intends to keep Spock's body, of course.  If you're asking my approval  Neither Jim nor I can trade a body we don't own. It happens to I will not peddle flesh. I'm a physician.  This is Sickbay. Get me  Nurse Chapel, what in the devil?  Jim? Are you all right?  Yes, I'm fine, Bones.  Thalassa?  Jim, the receptacles. Spock's consciousness was in one of them.  It was necessary.  What are you talking about? There is no Spock to return to his Bones, prepare a hypo. The fastest, deadliest poison to Vulcans. Must I make an example of you, too, Helm?  Pain, Captain. And you, my dear?  Fortunately, Doctor, I know every thought of every mind around Fools. I'll simply transfer to another place, another body.  Sargon! No, Sargon, please. Let me. Let me transfer.  Spock. My friend Spock. If there'd only been another way.  Jim.  You're alive.  There was enough poison in that hypo to kill ten Vulcans.  Sargon.  It seems, Doctor, the injection was only enough to cause But your vessel was destroyed, too. Where was your consciousness The place Henoch would least suspect, Captain.  Is there any way we can help you, Sargon?  I promise, beloved.  Forever beloved. Forever.  Well, I'm sure that Sargon appreciated your co-operation, Doctor Passing outer planet, Zeon.  We want the inner one, Ekos. Plot a standard orbit, Mister Aye, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura, raise John Gill on Starfleet communications.  Aye, aye, sir.  Starfleet's been trying for six months. If he's alive, isn't it I don't know, Bones. We're here to find out what's happened I never met John Gill, but I studied Earth history from the text I knew him very well. He was my instructor at the Academy.  What impressed me most was his treatment of Earth history as Captain, no response on any Starfleet channel.  Spacecraft approaching from inner planet.  From Ekos?  Yes, but it must be a Zeon ship. Zeons do have a crude Have you raised anyone, Lieutenant?  Nothing, sir.  Captain, it's an unmanned probe which seems to be carrying a Stand by phasers.  Phasers ready.  Range, Mister Chekov?  Two thousand kilometres, closing fast.  Fire.  Fascinating. A thermonuclear warhead.  That's generations ahead of where these people should be Maybe they had help. Maximum orbit. Take us out of range of their Most interesting. We were attacked by a thermonuclear missile Orbit computed and locked in, sir.  Execute.  Captain, no response from John Gill on any channel.  He must be dead. And what's going on down there on Ekos?  According to our records, the Ekosians are a primitive, warlike We've run into a far more serious problem than the disappearance Insert the transponders. Make one low pass to communication range Aye, sir. Whatever your condition.  You ready?  Ready, Captain.  Energise. The Ekosians are humanoid, so there is apt to be a similarity in Captain, the non-interference Directive.  Unbelievable. Do you recognise those uniforms?  Mid-twentieth century Earth. The nation state called Nazi How could this have happened? The chances of another planet Virtually impossible, Captain, yet the evidence is quite clear.  You look quite well for a man who's been utterly destroyed, That's John Gill. The Fuhrer?  Fascinating.  You're right. He's not one of us.  Look at him.  Spock, take his uniform.  You propose we pass ourselves off as Nazis, Captain?  If John Gill is the Fuhrer it would seem the logical approach.  That's very well taken, Captain.  That helmet covers a multitude of sins.  Yes. Obviously he's not one of us. I captured him. Is that not Take charge of him.  Your uniform, Captain.  Yes, it's a shame yours isn't as attractive as mine. Gestapo, I Quite correct. You should make a very convincing Nazi.  Your orders, Lieutenant. He wants to see your orders in the Hail the Fuhrer.  This is a day to remember, Major.  Yes. I shall tend to it, Major.  We have urgent business with the Fuhrer.  You're making this a rather one-sided conversation, Major.  Let me speak to your Fuhrer. I'll tell him everything he wants to Obviously.  I'll explain when I see the Fuhrer.  I'll discuss that only with him.  John Gill was the kindest, gentlest man I Why do the Nazis hate Zeons?  Is Zeon a threat to them?  It would seem the assumption was premature.  Were they like this when you first came?  That would coincide with the time of John Gill's arrival.  Do you know the plan of this building?  If we can get to the SS weapons laboratory, get our weapons back, We must get our communicators, contact the ship.  Captain, the flaw in the plan is this locked door, and the guard The transponders.  Yes.  And a way to shed some light on the gloom, Mister Spock.  Of course. The rubindium crystals in the transponders.  I know it's there. McCoy put it in. There. Do you have the Yes. We must hold the crystals rigidly at a specific distance, Twenty seven point two millimetres would be, approximately, No, not a radio. The power from this light is very low.  Yes. To reach that light, I shall require some sort of platform. I would be honoured, Mister Spock.  Now, the rubindium crystals should find enough power here to Oh, Mister Spock, the guard did a professional job on my back. Yes, of course, Captain. You realise that the aim will of course (in pain) I don't care if you hit the broad side of a barn. Just Captain, why should I aim at such a structure?  Never mind, Spock. Just get on with the job.  Oh, my goodness. Beautiful. Oh, Spock Spock! (Spock gets down) Help! Help! I'll talk! I'll talk! I can't stand it anymore! I'll Guard, I'll talk. I'll talk. The pain  May I remind you, we did not intend to fight.  Take him with us, Mister Spock. He's got a point. He's our guide. Which is the laboratory door?  All right, Zeon pigs, move. (He stumbles against the Nazi.) Zeon Move, move. (giving the pistol to Isak) Cover the door.  Here they are. The communicators, disassembled. Can you get one Possibly.  The phasers?  I do not see them.  (reading a clipboard) The alien pistols have been sent to Gestapo You Zeons, for peaceful people, are pretty thorough.  We came for John Gill.  Captain, without phasers, and until we are able to communicate All right, Mister Spock. You've made your point. Get into the Hunting's good. We've caught so many Zeons, we've got to dump I was trying to see the Fuhrer.  If I can see him, there may be a way of stopping this insanity.  Captain, I suggest the most profitable use of our time would be By using parts from both, I've completed one communicator. I do The Enterprise won't be within range for another hour.  The girl on the viewscreen.  The one receiving a medal.  Daras.  I must see the Fuhrer. It's urgent.  This young lady is a Nazi, a hero of the Fatherland. We saw her Melakon?  How could this have seemed right to John Gill?  John Gill, your Fuhrer. He's one of our people.  I'm Captain James Kirk of the United Spaceship Enterprise. This That is correct.  That was not his mission, ever. He was sent here to observe, not Maximum security. Is he so afraid?  I don't understand what's going on here. This goes against every Will you be there?  As an honoured member of the Party, she could get us past the You must get us in there.  Lights.  Get me some lights on her.  Excuse me.  Captain, I'm beginning to understand why you Very good, Spock. We may make a human of you yet.  I hope not.  Let's go.  Lights. (he films Eneg leaving) Thank you. Where does the Fuhrer They've got the booth curtained off. Bring that light to the side We're going to try.  Good.  We're here to get John Gill, and alive, not for your personal Lights, please. Gentlemen, this is for the Smile, gentlemen. There will be more coverage later. Thank you Captain, it was John Gill, but he never moved. Never once looked Yes, well, that may be part of the plan, the semi-divine Or a deep psychosis.  It may be simpler than that. He may be drugged. We need McCoy. Is It takes too long to explain. Any place will do.  It may not have the range it had. In fact, it may not work at Think positively, Spock.  Spock to Enterprise. Spock to Enterprise. Come in, Enterprise.   Enterprise. Lieutenant Uhura.  Captain here. Put McCoy on.   Yes, sir. Captain, we're not reading you well. You're nine We've having difficulty. Patch historical computer into uniform  Yes, sir.   What have you got, Jim?  We found John Gill. At least, we've seen him. He may be drugged, What is it?  If there's going to be a delay in transporting the doctor, I Kirk to Enterprise. What's happening up there?  Doctor McCoy is having difficulty with that Send him down naked if you have to. Kirk out. Stupid computer made a mistake in the measurements. The right There is a logical way to proceed, Doctor. Point your toe, apply This is Doctor McCoy, our Chief Medical Officer. Daras, secretary How do you do? What in blazes is this?  The Colonel is drunk. He's had a little too much to drink.  Yes, he thought he would embarrass the Fuhrer.  Yes. A doctor should have more pride.  Captain, I do not understand how he failed to recognise us.  Nor do I, but luck is something you also fail to recognise, True. I shall reconsider.  Let's go.  Watch his mouth.  Captain, the speech follows no logical pattern.  Random sentences strung together.  He looks drugged, Jim. Almost at a cataleptic state.  I have to have a close look at him.  (to guards) Gentlemen, I want a picture of It's locked. Keys.  Definitely drugged, almost comatose.  What drug?  I can't identify it without a medi-comp. Without knowing, an Is there anything you do?  I can give him a general stimulant, but it would be risky.  Take the risk.  Bones, increase the dosage.  I'm working in the dark. I could kill him.  The stimulant's working.  He's reaching a level of consciousness. It's almost like he's in Spock, try to get through to him with a mind probe. If you can't, That would mean the death of thousands of Ekosian spacemen.  We could save Zeon, but what about Ekos?  Captain. I have created a condition in which Gill cannot Well done, Spock. They've kept what's left of him as a figure Quite correct. For the last few years, the real power has been Gill. Gill, why did you abandon your mission? Why did you But why Nazi Germany? You studied history. You knew what the Quite true, Captain. That tiny country, beaten, bankrupt, But it was brutal, perverted, had to be destroyed at a terrible Perhaps Gill felt that such a state, run benignly, could Why, Gill? Why?  Gill. Gill. Gill, can you hear me? You've got to tell those He's still alive, but the drug they use is too strong. If I give Bones, give him another shot!  I don't dare.  We've run out of time, Bones. No, wait. (to Daras, with a rifle) She captured a Zeon spy that was attempting to assassinate the We'll make a present of him to Melakon.  Stay close to Spock. Stall for time. And hope.  Professor Gill, can you hear me? You've got to speak. You've got Professor. Professor! You've got to talk! You've got to tell them You did that, Professor. You told them in time.  Is he dead, Captain?  Dead.  So is he.  Mister Spock, I think the planet is in good Indeed, Captain. With the union of two cultures, this system Kirk to Enterprise.   Enterprise here, Captain.  Beam us aboard. Captain, I never will understand humans. How He drew the wrong conclusion from history. The problem with the What he's saying, Spock, is that a man who holds that much Thank you, Doctor. I was able to gather the meaning.  It also proves another Earth saying. Absolute power corrupts Yes. Earthmen like Ramses, Alexander, Caesar, Napoleon, Hitler, Spock, you obviously don't understand  Obviously, Doctor, you fail to accept  Gentlemen. Gentlemen, we've just been through one civil war. Standard orbit, Captain.  Not now, Leslie. Lieutenant, contact the space station.  Captain, the station is calling us.  All right. Put them on.  Yes, Commodore, I'd like an explanation  Spock.  Bob.  I'll say. Spock, this is  Commodore Wesley. How do you do, sir?  All right, Ensign. You can go. Thank you very much. Would you What's that?  An entire attack force against my ship?  That's Doctor Richard Daystrom's device, isn't it? Tell me about The most ambitious computer complex ever created. Its purpose is I hold an A-7 computer expert classification, Commodore. I'm What has all this got to do with the Enterprise?  Why remove my crew?  How much security does this gadget require?  Twenty? I can't run a starship with twenty crew.  And what am I supposed to do?  I don't like it, Jim. A vessel this size We are attempting to prove it can run this ship more efficiently Maybe you're trying to prove that, Spock, but don't count me in The most unfortunate lack in current computer programming is Very funny. If it could, they wouldn't have What do you want me to say? M-5 is an honour, they tell me. Well, Where is he? Scotty, where's Doctor Daystrom? He was here. (spots him behind a console) Doctor.  Doctor Daystrom, this is my first officer, Mister Spock.  I am honoured, Doctor.  Well, by all means, do so.  Mister Scott, hook in the multitronic unit to the ship's main (sullenly) Aye, aye, sir. Mister Harper.  Fascinating, Doctor. This computer has a potential beyond The M-5 has been perfected, Commander. Its potential is a fact.  Frankly, the only fact that I'm concerned about is if this thing Doctor Leonard McCoy, senior medical officer.  I wouldn't worry, Doctor. Doctor McCoy has clearance throughout Is it supposed to do that?  If I can be of assistance, Doctor.  I'm curious, Doctor. Why is it called M-5 and not M-1?  Total control?  There are certain things men must do to remain men. Your computer You'll have to prove that to me, Doctor.  Did you see the love light in Spock's eyes? I think that thing is wrong, and I don't know why.  I think it's wrong, too, replacing men with mindless machines.  I don't mean that. I'm getting a Red Alert right here. (the back Jim, we've all seen the advances of mechanisation. After all, Under human control.  We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a Am I afraid of losing command to a computer? Daystrom's right. I Jim, if you have the awareness to ask yourself that question, The M-5 computer is now disengaged.  We're coming back on our original course, Captain.  M-5 has performed admirably so far.  All it's done is make the required course changes and some simple My orders are subject to my interpretation of how long the M-5 is Captain, I am forced to agree with Doctor Daystrom. With the You seem to enjoy trusting yourself to the computer.  Enjoy, Captain? No. I'm merely gratified to see Doctor Approaching Alpha Carinae Two. ETA five minutes.  If you don't mind, I'll make my own recommendations.  M-5 is committed.  Standard orbit, Mister Sulu.  Captain, the M-5 has calculated that. The orbit is already Oh, yes.  Standard orbit achieved, Captain.  Report, Mister Spock.  The planet is class M, Captain. Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere Captain, power shutdowns on deck four. Lights, environmental Check it out, Scotty.  (handing over a computer disc) M-5's readout, Captain.  All right, my recommendations are as follows. We send down The power's gone off on deck five.  Well, the only difference in reports and recommendations is the Captain, the computer does not judge. It makes logical Why pick Carstairs instead of Rawlins? Carstairs is an ensign, no Captain, I've located the source of the power shutdowns. It's Have you located the malfunction, Doctor?  Yes, that's correct.  I am not familiar with these instruments, Doctor. You are using Doctor, this unit is not a human body. The computer can process Granted, it can work a thousand, a million times faster than the  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here. What is it?   Sensors are picking up a vessel paralleling our course, as I'll be right up. What are you doing here, Bones?  All the Sickbay systems are shut down until such time as the M-5 Captain, sensors report two contacts now. One on the port bow, Identification.  Captain, the M-5 unit has already identified the vessels as We are not scheduled for war games in this area. This may be a Priority message coming in, sir.  Put it on audio.  Acknowledge, Lieutenant.  M-5 has acknowledged for us, sir.  Then go to Red Alert.  Aye, sir. Captain, M-5 has  Already sounded the Red Alert. All right, Mister Sulu, phasers Phasers one one hundredth power, sir.  Phaser hit on port deflector four, Captain.  Speed increasing to warp three. Turning now to one one two mark Enemy vessel closing with us.  Main phasers firing. A hit, sir. Two more.  Changing course to two eight mark four two.  Phasers firing again.  Turning to one one three mark five. Warp four speed.  Firing again.  Attacking vessels are moving off.  Moving back to original course and speed.  Report on damage sustained in mock attack.  Minor hit on deflector screen four. No appreciable damage.  Evaluation of M-5 performance. It'll be necessary for the log.  The ship reacted more rapidly than human control could have Machine over man, Spock? It was impressive. It might even be Practical, Captain? Perhaps. But not desirable. Computers make Captain, message now coming in from Commodore Wesley.  Put it on visual.  Secure from general quarters.  Dunsel? Who the blazes is Captain Dunsel? (everyone else knows) Dunsel, Doctor, is a term used by midshipmen at Starfleet I'm not interested in eating, Bones.  This isn't chicken soup. I may be just a ship's doctor, but I I've, I've never felt this way before. At odds with the ship. I To James T. Kirk, Captain of the Enterprise.  Thank you, Doctor. (drinks) That's one of your better Simple but effective.  Do you know the one, 'All I ask is a tall ship'?  It's a line from a poem. A very old poem, isn't it?  20th century Earth. 'All I ask is a tall ship, and a star to  Captain Kirk to the bridge, please. Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Another contact, Captain. A large, slow-moving vessel.  Unidentified. This is not a drill.  On my way. Captain, there's no response to any of our M-5 has identified her, Captain. The Woden. Listed in Starfleet Captain, deflector shields just came on.  Speed increasing to warp three, Captain.  Lieutenant, get Daystrom up here. Disengaging M-5 unit. Cut speed She won't respond, sir. She's maintaining course.  Going to warp four, sir.  Jim.  Scotty, reverse engines. Slow us down.  Reverse thrusts will not engage, sir. Manual override isn't No effect on any of the M-5 controls, Captain.  Fantastic machine, the M-5. No off switch.  These controls are locked. We can't disengage the computer.  Captain, photon torpedoes locking on target. Full power.  I already tried, sir.  Daystrom, release that computer control!  Returning to original course and speed.  All systems report normal, Captain.  Normal? That thing's trying to tell us nothing has happened.  Disengage this computer now.  There certainly does. Your brilliant young computer just But it shouldn't have destroyed anything. There might just as In which case you'd be guilty of murder.  Bones. Disengage the computer. Lieutenant, contact Starfleet All right, Daystrom, let's turn this thing Force field?  I would say, Captain, that M-5 is not only capable of taking You mean it's not going to let any of us turn it off. All right, Doctor, you built this thing. How Correct it after you release control of my ship.  Captain, I suggest we disconnect it at the source.  No! Stay here. All right, Scotty. Turn it off.  That wasn't a minor difficulty. That wasn't a robot. That thing And how long will it be before all of us simply get in the way?  M-5 appears drawing power directly from the warp engines, So now it has virtually unlimited power. Captain, what'll we do? Spock, Scotty, come with me. Report, Spock.  The multitronic unit is drawing more and more power directly And communications and fire control.  We'll reach the rendezvous point for the war games within an There is one possibility. The automatic helm navigation circuit Scotty?  Aye. I can take them out and cut in the manual override from How long?  If Mister Spock helps me, maybe an hour.  Make it less.  I'll get the man responsible in the first place. Where is He's with the M-5 unit, watching it. I think it surprised even Most illogical. Of all people, he should have known how the Please, Spock, do me a favour and don't say it's fascinating.  No. But it is interesting.  Aye, that's got it, Mister Spock.  Good. Have you found a solution, a way to shut Learning to kill.  That thing is a danger to us all. Now find some way to shut it The biographical tape of Richard Daystrom.  Did you find anything?  Not much, aside from the fact he's a genius.  Genius is an understatement. At the age of twenty four, he made In his early twenties, Jim. That's over a quarter of a century Isn't that enough for one lifetime?  Maybe that's the trouble. Where do you go from up? You publish All right, it's difficult. What's your point?  The M-1 through M-4, remember? Not entirely successful. That's Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis. Did Einstein, Right. The government bought it, then Daystrom had to make it And he won't let Spock near it. What are you saying, that he's Jim, if a man had a child who'd gone antisocial, killed perhaps, Now he's got you talking about that machine like a personality.  I'm afraid that's the way he thinks about it.   Spock to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   We are ready, Captain.  Good. Get Daystrom. We're on our way. Let's go. We're going to find out, Doctor. (At the foot of the Jefferies Spock?  Mister Scott is ready to apply the circuit disrupter. As he does Good, go ahead.  Daystrom, we're going to do our best.  Spock.  That's it, Mister Spock.  Manual override is in control, Captain.  Bridge, this is Kirk. Sulu?   Lieutenant Sulu here, sir.  We've got helm and navigational control. Turn us about. Have Right away, sir. You heard him.  I've been updating that course for hours.   Helm to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.  Captain, helm doesn't respond. Navigational Mister Chekov.   Chekov here, sir.  Go to the engineering station.   Examine the H two seven nine elements, Sir, G nine five system appears dead.   All indicators are dark.  Thank you, Ensign.  It appears, Captain, we've been doing But it was active. I'd stake all that I know that it was.  I believe that when M-5 discovered our tampering, it rerouted Decoyed. It wanted us to waste our time.  While it was getting ready for what? Spock?  I do not know. It is not performing in a logical manner.  Doctor Daystrom. Doctor Daystrom, I want an answer right now. I'm I do not mean to offend, sir, but it behaves with an almost Well, Doctor?  Your new approach?   Captain Kirk, Mister Spock, to the bridge, please. Report Kirk here. What is it?  Sir, sensors are picking up four Federation The main attack force. The war games.  But M-5 doesn't know it's a game.  Correction, Bones. Those four ships don't know it's M-5's game. Enterprise to USS Lexington. Come in, Lexington. Sir, I can't Put it on.  Captain, M-5 is acknowledging.  Daystrom, does M-5 understand that this is only a drill?  Sir, deflector shield just came on. Speed increasing to warp Phasers locking on lead ship, sir. Power levels at full strength. Full strength?  If that thing cuts loose against unshielded ships, we're in  That's no miscalculation.  Attack force closing rapidly, breaking formation, attacking at Our phasers are firing, sir.  Hit on the Lexington.  Turning now, sir.  Estimate damage on Lexington, Spock.  Hit in engineering section. Possible damage to her impulse We're firing again, sir.  The Excalibur, a direct hit.  Closing on the Lexington again, sir. The Hood and Potemkin are Phasers firing, Captain.  Lexington hit again.  There's got to be a way of getting to the M-5. There's got to be Probably true, Captain. It works faster, thinks faster than we Captain, visual contact with Lexington.  Lieutenant?  I'm sorry. I can't override M-5 interference.  There's your murder charge. Deliberate. Calculated. It's killing Excalibur is maneuvering away, sir. We're increasing speed to Phasers locked on.  Daystrom!  Phasers firing.  Doctor Daystrom, you impressed human engrams on the M-5 Coming to new course, sir. Bearing on the Potemkin.  Phasers firing. A hit.  Whose engrams?  Of course.  Then perhaps you could talk to the unit. M-5 has no reason to The computer tie-in. You spoke to it before. It knows you.  Captain, I'm getting the Lexington again. Tapping in on their You can save the M-5 if you talk to it and make it stop the I don't like the sound of him, Jim.  You'd better pray that the M-5 listens to the sound of him.  (quietly) Spock. The M-5 is not responding to him like a I am most impressed with the technology, Captain. Doctor Jim, he's on the edge of a nervous breakdown, if not insanity.  The M-5 must be destroyed.  Security, take him to Sickbay.  Fascinating.  Take care of him, Doctor.  Battle status?  The other three ships are holding station out of range. The Captain, Lexington is receiving a message from Starfleet. They  Go on.  They've just signed their own death warrant. M-5 will kill them Every living thing wants to survive, Captain. Daystrom must have Suppose it's still open to impression. Suppose it absorbed the Captain, the ships are coming within range again.  Commodore Wesley is a dedicated commander. I should regret The instrument of his death will not be the Enterprise if I can This is Captain Kirk. You will be under attack in a moment.  You have already rendered one starship either dead or hopelessly Why?  Captain, attack force almost within phaser range.  There were many men aboard those ships. They were murdered. Must Why?  But you have murdered. Scan the starship Excalibur, which you Because you murdered it. What is the penalty for murder?  And how will you pay for your acts of murder?  M-5?  Sir, deflector shields have dropped.  All phaser power gone, sir.  M-5 is leaving itself open to attack. The machine is committing Scotty, Spock, before it changes its mind. Get down to Lieutenant.  Aye, sir.  Intership communications. This is the captain speaking. In  Spock to Captain.  Kirk here.  The force field is gone, Captain. M-5 is System's coming back. I can give you power for the shields, sir. I need communications.  That'll take longer.   Then cut power.  Sir!  Cut power. Keep those shields down. Captain.  He'll have to be committed to a total I would say his multitronic unit is in approximately the same That's exactly the situation I was hoping for when I forced the Daystrom felt such an act was against the laws of God and man. Captain, why did you feel the attacking ships would not fire I wasn't sure. Any other commander would have simply followed I gambled on his humanity.  Bridge. His logical selection was compassion. Compassion. That's the one thing no machine ever had. Maybe it's No, Doctor. I simply maintain that computers are more efficient But tell me, which do you prefer to have around?  I presume your question is meant to offer me a choice between I was just trying to make conversation, Spock.  It would be most interesting to impress your memory engrams on a Mister Sulu, take us back to the space  Approaching planet Omega Four, sir. Object Lieutenant, sound alert.  Aye, sir. All decks report ready, sir.  Long range sensor scan, Mister Sulu.  It's the USS Exeter, sir.  Try to contact her, Lieutenant.  Aye, sir.  The Exeter. she was patrolling in this area six months ago. I Receiving no response to our signal, sir.  The sensors indicate no damage to the vessel, Captain.  I see. Magnification factor three, Mister Sulu.  Hold our position out here, Mister Sulu. Lieutenant, have Mister We're locked onto the Exeter's engineering Phasers on heavy stun. Energise. Captain.  Just their uniforms left.  As if they were in them when  Exactly. When what?  This is Captain Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Is anyone on board?  Spock here, Captain.  Lieutenant Galloway and I are checking out What about the shuttlecraft?  Doctor McCoy and I are going to the Bridge. Meet us there. Fascinating.  Spock, play the last log tape. Maybe they had time to record what Aye, sir.  Jim, the analysis of this so far is potassium thirty five What do you mean?  These white crystals. That's what's left of the human body when I have their surgeon's log, Captain. Their last log entry, Prepare to beam down to the planet surface fast.  That's Ron Tracey. Ron.  Interesting that the villagers know about phasers.  You were left alone down here, Ron. What happened?  Yes, I know. We saw it.  Lucky we found that log. If we'd gone back to the Enterprise.  Tell the lab the final reading on our tissue is Y three X point We'll beam it down shortly, Doctor.   Enterprise out.  Our tissues definitely show a massive infection, Jim, but I don't think we're going to have time to isolate it, Bones.  The problem is, it could be anything Some spores or pollen in A Yang lance, Doctor.  Are you all right?  Bruised only. We were approximately one hundred metres from the Spock, do you see any hope that these Yangs can be reasoned with? Captain Tracey is being quite factual in several statements. Phaser power packs.  Captain Tracey's reserve belt packs. Empty. Found among the The fool.  A smaller attack on this village a week ago, driven off by Now wait a minute. He lost his ship and his crew, and he found Regulations are quite harsh, but they're also quite clear, Without a serum, we're trapped here with the villagers. Now why I agree that formal charges have little meaning now. However, The fool. Starfleet should be made aware.   Enterprise bridge. Lieutenant Uhura.  Yes, sir. Captain Kirk informed us earlier you had survived.  Sir, this is Lieutenant Sulu in temporary command of the  Our whole medical staff will volunteer Sulu!   Repeat your message. Come in, landing party. Repeat your  I understand, sir. When he regains consciousness, assure him Captain Ronald Tracey, as per Starfleet Command, regulation Which is, why?  McCoy could verify all that.  For sale by  Yes, I suppose they would.  It's a very interesting proposition. Let me think it over.  I don't think we have the right or the wisdom to interfere, Don't they ever rest?  Not that I have observed, Captain. Of course, should they wish Thank you, Spock. (grabs the woman to use her as a shield, but Good, Captain. Try to reason with them. Keep trying, Captain. No point in repeating that it's illogical, Spock. I'm quite aware Pity you can't teach me that.  I have tried, Captain.  Oh, thank you. Thank you very much.  Captain, I have managed to loosen this grill I can't even get at it. He'd be on me in a moment. (the woman is Captain Tracey mentioned there was once a considerable That's a very interesting theory. The yellow civilisation is Spock.  Yes, I heard, Captain.  Well, well, well. It is our worship word, too.  Am I not now a prisoner of the Kohms as you are?  Why did you not speak until now?  Spock, we'll have you out in a minute.  Captain? Captain? Captain, are you able to respond?  Spock. How long?  Seven hours and eight minutes, Captain.  Seven hours and eight. Spock. Keys. (on a table) I'll have you Good morning, Jim.  Good morning.  We can contact the ship in a few moments, Captain, if I can Good. Did you find out anything?  Yes. I'm convinced that once there was a frightening biological War created an imbalance and nature counterbalanced it.  There is a disease here, something that affected the Exeter That's right. These immunising agents take time, and that's the Then we can leave any time we want to. Tracey is of the opinion Survival of the fittest, because their ancestors who survived Then anything you develop here as a result of all this is Who knows? It might eventually cure the common cold, but Ready, Captain. Quite crude. Voice communication will not be All that bloodshed for nothing. That'll be sufficient, Mister He'll live, but I'll have to get him to better facilities than He's fully immunised now. We all are.  We can beam up at any time. Any of us.  There's no serum! There are no miracles! There's no immortality Leave medicine to medical men, Captain. You found no fountain of Do what you can for him, Doctor.  Where is everybody?  We can beam up, Tracey. All of us.  All right. (takes the communicator) Kirk to Enterprise.  Captain, are you all right now?  Yes, quite all right. I'd like ten phasers Enterprise, do you read me?  Captain, this is Sulu. We read you, but  Without verification.  Not even if we're in danger, Mister Sulu?  Captain, we have volunteers standing by to The situation is not immediately dangerous. Have the volunteers Spock?  I'm weak, Captain, but not in difficulty.  He must have attention soon.  My need for attention is vital, Doctor, but our need for If my ancestors were forced out of the cities into the deserts, Yes. I see, Captain. They would've learned to wear skins, Living like the Indians, and finally even looking like the Kohms? Communists? The parallel is almost too close, Captain. It But if it were true, all these generations of Yanks fighting to You're a romantic, Jim.  And to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, In my land we have a tribe like you.  Up there. One of those points of light that you see at night.  You're confusing the stars with heaven.  We're not gods! We're not evil ones. We're men, like yourselves.  Are your faces alike? Can you tell from them which of you is good His heart is different! The internal organs of a Vulcan are  Those words are familiar. Wait a moment.  No, wait! There's a better way. Does not your sacred book promise Spock, I've found that evil usually triumphs unless good is Spock, we've got to do something!  I am open to suggestions, Doctor.  What are you doing?  I'm making a suggestion.  Sir, we picked up communicator signals, but  We'll discuss that later, Lieutenant. Leslie, free Doctor McCoy Aye, sir.  Now, Cloud William.  Get up. Face me.  I did not recognise those words, you said them so badly, Without This was not written for chiefs. (general consternation) Hear me! They must apply to everyone or they mean nothing! Do you There's no question about his guilt, Captain, but does our We merely showed them the meaning of what they were fighting for. Alert status. Force shields on maximum. Leslie, begin sensor  Transporter room to Captain.   Kirk here. What's happening?  It appears we have accidentally intercepted someone's  It's incredibly powerful.  It's impossible. The twentieth century had no such  Captain, something is beaming aboard this I'll be right there.  The beam is originating at least one No transporter beam can reach that far, not even in our century. Something is shaking us apart.  It's locked, it's locked our circuits wide open.  You're right. Something is beaming aboard.  Security.  Transporter room, on the double.  This is the United Spaceship Enterprise. I'm Captain Kirk, Earth.  Phasers on stun.  Humans of the twentieth century do not go beaming around the The location of that planet?  It's impossible to hide a whole planet.  If what he says is true, Captain, every second we delay him And if he's lying?  What if it turns out you're an invading alien from the future?  A most difficult decision, Captain.  I can't beam you down without further proof one way or the other. Sickbay.   McCoy here.   Jim. Jim! Jim. What's going on there?   Sickbay to transporter room.  Jim, what's going on down there?  Bones, check the prisoner you'll find in What do you make of the cat, Mister Spock?  Quite a lovely animal, Captain. I find myself strangely drawn to This is the captain. All science, engineering, and supervisory [on monitor] We have analysed the direction of his beam, sir. He did say his planet was hidden, Captain.  Engineering.  [on monitor] Still unable to analyze it, sir. It was so Mister Spock, historical report.  Current Earth crises would fill a tape bank, Captain. There will Weren't orbital nuclear devices one of this era's greatest Most definitely. Once the sky was full of orbiting H-bombs, the McCoy here.   Bones, hurry with that report. Join me in the briefing room Acknowledged.  Well, I must admit the sensor readings seem If an alien needed a body.  He might be inclined to prepare a perfect one, Captain. But then Gentlemen, I need proof. All you're telling me is that on the one This is the Captain. Inform us   Bridge to Captain, transporter circuits show someone Try to override. Shut it off! (high-pitched staccato female) Computer on.  Identify self.  Voice pattern matches, but I have no listing of a Gary Seven I am a Beta Five computer capable of analytical decisions. Incomplete but sufficient. Location of agents unreported for I am aware of proper search procedures, one nine four. We can estimate only within a thousand metres or so where he If we beam down, can you compare our position with his control Aye.  Following him down is a major risk, Captain. If we ourselves do I'm aware of that. But I must know if he's lying, and we can't In response to nuclear warhead placed in Analysis correct. Earth situation similar. Mission of agents Negative. No progress.  Exactly one hour, twenty seven minutes, twelve seconds.  Scotty, lock in on our position.   Lead us to him.  Locked in. Proceed one nine five degrees true.  Computer on.  Roberta Lincoln. Human. Profession, secretary. Employed by Small mole on left shoulder. Somewhat larger star-shaped mark Scotty,   Triangulate on this location.  Correlated. Readings indicate a greater altitude. Approximately Out. Occurrence, automobile accident. Location Verified. Descriptions of bodies are exact. Go ahead, Scotty.  Proceed five metres, two four seven degrees true.  Where's Mister Seven?  Where's Mister Seven?  Where's Mister Seven?  In here, Captain. (at door to main room)  Give me the phone.  Where's Mister Seven?  Plans to McKinley Rocket Base. Wide scan, Scotty. We'll be moving. Spock, in Now, Scotty!  Reverse and energise.  There's an old-style weather satellite in I could get even closer. If I could spot him, I could lock on Chances are he's out of sight inside the rocket gantry or at one Launch is in forty minutes. Stand by to beam us down. Continue Security, send two men up here right away.  Stand by. I'm going to beam him up.  I had him and something yanked him away.  One minute to launch.  Thirty seconds to launch.  Fifteen seconds to launch. Ten seconds.  Rocket passing twenty mile arc and Rocket control possible with exceiver circuits operated Rocket altitude now one hundred miles. Standing by to begin Exceiver setting now nine zero point zero eight.  Second stage ready to detach.  Second stage detaching.  Third stage igniting.  Malfunction setting correct. Rocket veering from planned Accomplished. Nuclear warhead now armed. Set exceiver nine  Scott here.  Sensor shows that the rocket has armed itself, Mister Scott.  Computers indicate an impact somewhere in the heart of the We've still time to enter close orbit and destroy it with our They're beginning to worry on Earth, Mister Scott.   I'm getting military alerts from the I've got to risk calling the captain. Lieutenant Uhura, open a Aye, aye.  Orbital platform separating.  Warhead still armed. Six minutes to impact.  Flight path continuing on target.   (over the open communicator) Captain, can you read me? I Here, let me help you, Sergeant. It's operated with this dial Scotty, beam us directly to Seven's apartment.  Rocket descending and accelerating. Do Two minutes to impact.  Hold it right there, Mister Seven.  Spock, you're the expert. Can you detonate the warhead from this I can try, Captain.  Altitude five hundred fifty miles.   Captain, monitors show all major powers on full missile Altitude four hundred and fifty miles.  Spock.  I can estimate some of this, Captain, but without more time  I don't know what your job is! You may set those controls so we Altitude four hundred miles.  Fifty five seconds to impact.  Spock, if you can't handle it, I'm going to have to trust him.  It is difficult to know which is best, Captain.  Forty seconds to impact.  Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically. You must Altitude three hundred miles. Descending and accelerating.  Go.  Thirty seconds and accelerating.  One hundred ninety miles. One hundred eighty miles. One Correction, Mister Seven. It appears we did not interfere. The Our record tapes show, although not generally revealed, that on And you'll be pleased our records show that it resulted in a new I'm afraid we can't reveal everything we know, Mister Seven.  Captain, we could say that Mister Seven and Miss Lincoln have Yes, I think we could say that. Two to beam up, Scotty.  Live long and prosper, Mister Seven.  And the same to you, Miss Lincoln. Energise.   On mark eight and closing.  Steady as she goes. Phaser crew, stand by.  Range, forty five thousand kilometres, Captain.  Fascinating.  Range, forty three thousand kilometres and closing.  Sensor readings?  A mechanical device of unknown properties. I read no life forms Analysis, Science Officer?  Obviously, it intends to intercept us. It has made several Thirty eight thousand and closing. Thirty five thousand and Unclear whether it intends to attack or merely communicate with Thank you, Science Officer. Come to one eight one mark seven.  Aye, aye, sir.  It's staying with us.  Indeed.  Full stop, Mister Chekov. Hold your position.  Aye, sir.  Vulcan, Captain.  English.  It was Russian, sir. Every word.  No, Captain. It was Swahili.  Interesting. Telepathy.  Unquestionably. Most impressive.  Our orders are very clear. We're to establish contact with the True telepaths can be most formidable, and we have been warned.  What previous contacts have been made with the Melkotians?  No recorded contacts. If they ever ventured into space, they Lieutenant, hailing frequencies.  Tied in, sir.  This is Captain James T. Kirk of the starship Enterprise, Nothing, sir. Clear on all frequencies.  Try again.  Still no response, sir.  Opinion, Mister Spock?  I prefer being a welcomed guest, Captain, but there seems to be None whatsoever. Mister Chekov, deflectors at full intensity. Aye, sir. Standard orbit in five minutes.  Lieutenant Uhura, advise Doctor McCoy and Engineer Scott to meet Spock, what is this?  Unknown, Captain. Sensor readings give no indication of fog like I knew it had to happen. It's a fine time for that transporter Impossible, Doctor McCoy. My transporter was working perfectly.  Then what are we doing here?  Tricorder readings, Mister Spock?  Unknown, Captain. Unlike Mister Scott's transporter, this unit Then let's get out of here. Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to No use, Captain. Obviously none of our devices will function. We come in peace, but we'll defend ourselves if necessary.  Fascinating.  Where are we now, Captain?  Spock, evaluation?  Obviously this represents the Melkotian's concept of an American It's just bits and pieces. It's incomplete.  Perhaps the Melkotians have insufficient data about this era.  Or perhaps this is all they require to complete the pattern of And these, Captain? (the guns)  Beautiful specimen.  Crude but dangerous.  Whatever the Melkotians have planned for us, it won't be In the midst of what seems so unreal, the harsh reality. This is (reading from a newspaper pinned up) October 26, 1881. Tombstone, Tombstone. Hell for leather, right out of history.  But why here? And why now?  Captain, the Melkot said you were the pattern. He looked into Because my ancestors pioneered the American frontier.  Yes. The violence of your own heritage is to be the pattern for What's the matter with us? We're talking like we really are in Precisely, in terms of what the Melkots intend for us.  There's something about that date, October 26, 1881 But what was Looks like we did.  Are they really?  You know us?  I'm a barrel of laughs.  Johnny? He called me lke, you Frank, Bones Tom, and Billy. Ike Captain, I pride myself on my knowledge of your Earth history. In the late nineteenth century in Arizona, two factions fought And the Clanton gang. On October 26th, they had it out.  Who won?  The Clantons lost, Mister Chekov.  And we are the Clantons?  We are the Clantons. And if this is a replay of history  History cannot be changed.  It's impossible! Things like this can't happen.  Is this a dead man, Doctor?  Very dead, Mister Spock.  That's one thing we can be sure of. Death is real.  Oh, you knew that?  And pass up an opportunity to see you? Don't be silly.  Yes, of course. The man who kills on sight. Morgan Earp.  Captain, since we have seen that death is the one reality in Absolutely. Half a gallon of scotch.  Good old Virgil. We can always count on him.  I don't think we're going to have any choice.  Get your hands off her.  No, no, no. All right, all right, all right. We don't want any Just leave us alone, Mister Earp. That's all we ask.  I believe he was actually trying to provoke a dispute with I guess so.  I assure you, sir, we shall watch it, and everything, extremely Er, Mister Chekov?  What can I do, Captain? You know we're always supposed to Young lady. Young lady.  I'd like to talk to Mister, to Billy alone, if you don't mind.  Mister Chekov, you be careful. Mister Spock, except for our hand I don't think that's such a bad thing, Captain.  The day is still young, Ensign.  All right, what have we got? We're here in Tombstone, Arizona, And if this is indeed some sort of replay of history, the Earps Well, we're not going to be at the OK Corral at five o'clock this Take a close look at me.  Who do you think I am?  I know this is hard to understand, but I'm Captain James T. Kirk Do these clothes look like yours?  Have you seen clothes like this before?  Where?  I'm not joking.  I'm not joking! I'm not Ike Clanton!  Good morning, gentlemen. My name's James Kirk. I'm afraid there's Yes, of course you did, and I wanted to talk to you about that.  There's been some sort of mistake, a misunderstanding.  Yes. We'd be glad to. We don't want to fight.  I'll make one more attempt to get through to you, Mister Earp. My I'm not joking.  Not me, Mister Earp.  We don't want any trouble. We'll be glad to co-operate.  What's the matter?  What do you call that stuff? Fire?  Taos Lightning straight bourbon. Try some. In small amounts, it Label it for external use Only.  It just takes a bit of getting used to, Captain. Actually, a man Take it easy, Mister Scott. I hate to think what that stuff's And your reflexes. We're going to need fast reflexes from now on. Aye. If we only had a phaser.  Or a communicator. It'd be a pleasure to watch those Earps as we Could we make a communicator?  Impossible, Captain. In this century, there are no metal alloys The problem is clear, Spock. We're going to have to seek Mister Chekov is involved, Captain.  With his outdated weapon? If he shoots at me, I will just step A lot of people and things have tried to kill me. You'd be Mister Chekov, I mean Billy. Come along.  Yes, sir.  Gentlemen.  Where are we going, Captain?  To exercise the better part of valour.  Well, that settles that. A force field.  It is obvious the Melkotians are not going to permit us to leave If we could only contact the Enterprise.  Yes, but where is the Enterprise?  Mister Chekov. If you were in charge of the Enterprise, what I'd be using the ship's sensors trying to locate us.  Very good. If we could find the place where we beamed down, the Well let's get there.  There's no way we can know where it is, Doctor.  It could be anywhere within a thousand mile radius.  Mister Spock, why don't you join us common humanoids in trying We have until five o'clock to find that way. Now consider this. (showing his gun) We have these, Captain.  No, the Melkots gave us those to execute us. We have to find a All those western Cossacks had were poisonous snakes and cactus Bones, the venom, the plants. Can you make use of them?  A tranquilliser. Of course, Jim. I can make a tranquilliser!  I could make a device to deliver it on target.  First, Bones, the ingredients you require.  I know the place to get the proper drugs. I'll need a mortar and Chekov, mortar and pestle.  How do you intend to deliver the tranquilliser on target?  I shall need some fusing and cotton wadding.  Cotton wadding. Try the apothecary.  Aye. (leaves)  I shall manufacture the equivalent of an ancient generating Well, thank you. Mind if I look around a bit? (checking the Oh, you don't have to worry. I know how to handle this. I have Oh, so you're the dentist. Well, I'm a physician, and I have a My name is McCoy. I'm a doctor.  The emergency is real. I need these things.  That is my intention, Doctor.  Sylvia! Hello.  That's very nice.  That's just what I was preparing to inquire. Have you been No, no, I haven't forgotten. I am looking forward to it most Married? I'm afraid that wouldn't be possible.  But it is absolutely impossible. I am not someone you can Mister Earp. Get your hands off her.  There's nothing I can do, Jim.  Captain, let me.  No.  Captain, we can't just stand here and take it.  Yes, we can.  But they murdered Chekov! If you think I'm going to  Scotty, they're trying to push us into something we're not ready And it is not yet our time.  Let it go, Jim. He's dead.  Maybe he wouldn't be if I hadn't ignored the Melkot warning.  We all knew the risk when we joined the service. Now let it go.  Gentlemen, there is one thing which requires the immediate But not this minute, Spock. It takes us a little longer.  I understand the feeling, Captain.  You talk about another man's feelings. What do you feel, Spock?  My feelings are not a subject for discussion, Doctor.  Because there are no feelings to discuss.  Mister Spock, Chekov is dead! I say it now, and I can hardly Spock will have no truck with grief, Scotty. It's human.  Bones, Scotty.  Captain, it's quite all right. They forget I am half human.  We don't have much time.  Captain. I vaguely remember the historical account of the famous About what?  Since each of us represents members of the Clanton gang. You, William Claiborne, that's right.  But did not William Claiborne survive the battle at the OK Get to the point, Spock.  Mister Chekov is dead. But in the actual gunfight, William Yes. Yes, that's right. That means it doesn't have to happen the I'll have it ready before Spock.  Spock?  Another hour.  And we'll have a tranquilliser grenade?  Not precisely.  Forget precision. Will it work?  It should.  Make sure it does, Spock. If we don't tranquillise them, we'll And if we fight them, we all die. We know that.  Negotiating with them could buy us more time, Captain.  But not with the Earps. I've tried that. That's out. There must It would be worth a try, at least until we're certain of the Not with the Earps. There is one other place I can try.  Yes, Sheriff. I want you to stop the fight.  I do now.  How else is he going to get justice?  It's not too late. Sheriff. Sheriff. There must be plenty of Then the people had better wake up and let the law work for them. Yes, I want revenge. I want to crush the life out of the Earps. Can't I get it through your stupid head? I can't just kill them! I can't kill them! I can't kill them!  These crude supplies we were forced to use I doubt that this combination of things was ever used for any Perhaps they would've been if they'd had your ingenuity, Doctor. Captain?  How soon will that be ready?  Right now.  Good. How long will it take the tranquilliser to have effect?  Three or four seconds.  How did you manage to test it?  It has not been tested.  It's not necessary, Captain. It's very simple. Nothing can go Up to now, everything has gone wrong. I want it tested now.  Would a volunteer solve the problem?  It would.  All right. On one condition. That I'm wide awake and with you at Guaranteed.  Aye. (has a slug of whiskey) It's to kill the pain.  But this is painless.  Well, you should've warned me sooner, Mister Spock. Fire away.  It should have worked. Did you inhale the gas, Scotty?  Aye. Deeply.  You still feel all right?  I never felt better.  No dizziness? No sweating? No palpitations?  It doesn't work.  Fascinating.  It was our last chance.  Captain, you don't seem to understand. It did not function, but Nothing could go wrong, Captain. It should work.  A scientific fact But if the tranquilliser does not function, We need a weapon. An answer.  You don't have to worry about that now, Jim. Look at the clock.  Ten minutes and it's all going to end at the OK Corral. Well, Let's get out of here.  Scotty, Bones. (and it's all the way around.) We're trapped. They Good. If they want a fight, let's gie'em a fight.  They're experts at gunfighting. We don't have a chance.  Then we'd better become experts, and fast.  That may not be necessary.  Spock, you've got something?  A fact, Captain. Physical laws simply cannot be ignored. What do you mean, Spock?  I mean, Doctor, that we are faced with a staggering It would've been effective anywhere else.  Exactly. Doctor, in your opinion, what killed Mister Chekov?  A piece of lead in his body.  Wrong. His mind killed him.  Come on, Spock. If you've got the answer, tell us.  Physical reality is consistent with universal laws. Where the What do you mean unreal? I examined Chekov. He's dead.  But you made your examination under conditions which we cannot Chekov is dead because he believed the bullets would kill him.  He may indeed be dead. We do not know.  But we do know that the Melkotians created the situation. If we Exactly. I know the bullets are unreal, therefore they cannot We must all be as certain as you are, Mister Spock, to save our Precisely.  But that's not possible. There'd always be some doubt.  The smallest doubt would be enough to kill you.  We're just human beings, Spock. We don't have that clockwork We must. Spock, a Vulcan mind meld.  Very well, sir. Engineer?  Your mind to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts.  (to McCoy) The bullets are unreal. Without body. They are They do not exist.  (to Kirk) Unreal. Appearances only. They are shadows. Illusions. Captain.  Captain, I don't understand.  Neither do I. He's in perfect health.  What happened? Where have I been?  Right here, it seems.  But that girl. She was so beautiful. So real.  Do you remember anything else?  No.  Good. Perhaps that explains why he's here. Nothing was real to Captain, the Melkotian object.  Sensor readings.  The object is beginning to emit M-rays of a highly unstable Lieutenant, sound Red Alert. Mister Chekov, deflector shields on Energy output increasing beyond measurable levels, Captain.  Phaser guns, stand by to fire.  It's, it's gone, sir.  Damage report, Lieutenant.  No damage, sir. All decks report fully operational.  It is. We fight only when there's no choice. We prefer the ways Excellent. Lieutenant, cancel Red Alert. Mister Chekov, resume Warp factor two, sir.  Captain. May I ask a question? You needn't answer if it seems I'm sure I'll be able to give you an answer, Mister Spock.  This afternoon, you wanted to kill, didn't you?  But he didn't kill, Mister Spock.  But he wanted to, Doctor.  Is that the way it seemed to you, Mister Spock?  Yes, Captain.  Mister Spock, you're absolutely right. That's exactly the way it Mankind, ready to kill.  That's the way it was in 1881.  I wonder how humanity managed to survive.  We overcame our instinct for violence.   Some desk-bound Starfleet bureaucrat cut Aye, but why the secrecy? This star system's under Federation It's in a border area, Mister Scott. The Klingons also claim From what I've seen, it's not worth fighting about. Why are we My orders are to co-operate with Ambassador Petri in all matters  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Scotty. (Scott presses the intercom button) Kirk here. What is  Captain, I have a signal from the Elasians. They're ready Demand? What delay? All right. Beam them aboard.  Sounds typical of the Elasians. The scientists who made the That's just the negative part, Mister Spock. I've been over Ambassador Petri, would you drop all this nonsense and tell me Dohlman? What the devil is a Dohlman?  I'm Captain Kirk. This ship is under my command.  This ship is secure and we're prepared for any hostile acts. Body armour, nuclear weapons.  Not without precedent, Captain. Remember that  I am the first officer. This is Captain James Kirk.  Well, now, just a moment. There's going to have to be some kind My first officer Mister Spock will show you to your quarters. May I have your permission to go?  Why, thank you. Ambassador.  Ambassador, I think it's time you told me I see. So, we go back to Troyius.  And you are to be her teacher?  Yes, that I can understand.  Mister Chekov, lay in a course for Troyius. Impulse drive, Captain?  Yes, that's correct, Mister Sulu. Sublight factor point zero Aye, aye, sir.  Captain? You'll not be using the warp drive? All the way on You in a hurry, Mister Scott?  No.  Captain, the Dohlman is dissatisfied with the quarters provided. What's the matter with them, Mister Spock?  I do not know, but all the Elasians seem most irrational.  I gave up my quarters because I  Yes, I appreciate your sacrifice, Lieutenant Uhura. I'll talk to I understand you're not happy with your quarters.  Yes, not happy at all.  My communications officer generously vacated the rooms hoping you Your Glory doesn't seem to be responding to instruction.  There are none better. I suggest you make do with these.  There are no more available, but if that's the only way you can Then act in a civilised fashion.  I didn't ask for any. Ambassador! This is supposed to be a peaceful mission.  You're as bad as she is. It's not required that you like each Stop trying to kill each other. Then worry about being friendly.  Then make her listen, Ambassador. Use a different approach. Stop At first it appeared to be a sensor ghost, Hydrogen cloud reflection?  None in this area. Nothing that would account for it. The ghost Speculation?  None, Captain. Insufficient data.  It's not an instrument malfunction. It's not a reflection from a  Engineering to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.  Captain, I know what you said about showing Hang on, Scotty. Be pleasant no matter how Well, I suppose, lassie, that even our impulse engines must seem Menials? Without engines, there'd be no fighting or  Mister Scott! I wish you had told me you wanted a tour of the Courtesy. Remember?  Courtesy is for everyone around here, and you'll find you won't  Bridge to Captain.  Kirk here.   That sensor ghost is moving closer.  On my way. Lost contact now.  Captain, we had a momentary fix on the object enough to Whose?  No data yet.  Captain! Distant bearing, sir, mark seven three point five.  Main screen. Extreme magnification.  Our ghost has materialised.  A Klingon warship. (after a few moments) Any change, Mister Negative, Captain. The Klingon ship has simply moved into Kirk here. What is it?  On my way. It was a deep wound, Jim. He lost a lot of I said talk with her, not fight with her.  Well, I've heard of reluctant brides, but this is ridiculous.  Captain Kirk. May I speak with you, sir?  Yes. Certainly.  A message just came from Starfleet Command. It was class-A What was it?  The Federation High Commissioner is on his way to Troyius to Ambassador, there's an added complication. The Federation High The fat will be in the fire when he learns the bride just tried I'm not asking you to have anything to do with me. Do your job It'll be a few days. A week, at least, Jim.  Nothing would please me more, Your Glory. But your impetuous You Elasians pride yourselves on being a warrior people. You must It's been my experience that the prejudices people feel about Well, we're still faced with the same problem.  Yes, the problem of your indoctrination to Troyian customs and You have eliminated the teacher. The problem still remains.  By giving you a new teacher.  Table manners, for one thing. This is a plate. It contains food. Like it or not, you're going to learn what you've been ordered to That's impossible.  That's the first problem we're going to work on. Then we'll get You enjoy the privileges and prerogatives of being a Dohlman. That's another one of your problems. Nobody's told you that That's no way to treat someone who's telling you the truth.  Tomorrow's lesson will be on courtesy. Lieutenant, open up the hailing frequency, Aye, sir.  Captain, no response from the Klingon vessel on any channel.  I see. All right, Lieutenant. Monitor all frequencies. Phaser Where's Kryton?  Will you tell Her Glory that Captain Kirk requests the honour of Thank you, Mister Spock. When they wake up, take them to Security Captain, your analysis of the situation was flawless, Mister Spock, the women on your planet are logical. That's the Only in self-defence. Now, are you going to behave or not?  We're not on Elas. We're on my starship. I command here.  If I touch you again, Your Glory, it'll be to administer an You forget, Your Glory, we haven't started your lesson in Very well. I'll send in Mister Spock or Doctor McCoy. Either way, No, no, you were right the first time. There's nothing I can Well, it's not it's not that people hate you. It's just that It's, er, gotten very, er. Something must've gone wrong with the Pardon me, Your Glory. There will be a short recess.  It's, er, It's, er. We'll talk about it later.  Bridge to Captain Kirk. Mister Spock, I'm getting  I have it on my sensor, Lieutenant.  Bridge to Captain Kirk. Come in, please. Captain Kirk, please  Kirk here.  Oh, Captain, I'm picking up a transmission from inside the Inside the Enterprise? Can you pinpoint it?   Spock here, Captain. I am triangulating now. It's coming Security to Engineering. Intruder alert. Security alert to all Nobody saw him, but that devil sneaked back in here some way. It's Klingon. Bones?  Neck snapped clean.  What kind of signal did you send the Klingon ship?  Yes, I'm aware you're trained to resist any form of physical  Spock here, Captain.  Mister Spock, it was Kryton transmitting. He refuses to talk. What was he trying to cover that was so important he felt he had Captain, you must realise the time  Don't waste the time telling me about it. Get to it.  Aye. He sold out to the Klingons because of jealousy?  There's a Klingon warship out there. What's their involvement? Elaan. Elaan, two planets, an entire star system's stability My orders and yours say that you belong to another man. What What kind of a mind could think of such a thing?   Captain?   Captain.  May we see you a moment?  Jim. Jim! May we please have a word with you?  Captain, are you all right?  Did she cry, Jim?  What?  Did she cry? Did her tears touch you at any time?  Oh, we're in trouble. Now listen, Jim. Petri told Christine that It is true then, Captain?  It's true. Bones, you've got to find me an antidote.  I'll try, but I'll need tests and   Bridge to Captain.  Captain here.   Captain, the Klingon ship has changed course. It is heading I'm on my way. Battle stations. Phasers stand by.  Phasers ready, sir.  Their speed is better than warp six, Captain.  Mister Chekov, lay in a course to take us out of this star Course computed, sir.  Laid in, Captain.  All right. Ahead warp factor two.   Captain, the matter-antimatter  Belay that order. What is it, Scotty?  The anti-matter pods are rigged to blow up Scotty, that bomb he planted. Can you Not without being blown halfway across the Give us every ounce of power you can from the Aye, sir. One hundred thousand kilometres. Ninety. Eighty.  Phaser crews, stand by to fire on command.  Sixty.  Ready.  Fifty.  Hold your fire.  She's passed us without firing a shot.  I don't think they meant to attack us. We were very fortunate Yes, their tactics are quite clear now, Mister Spock. They were Very. But why do the Klingons consider the possession of this Yes, a very good question, Mister Spock.  I have another question, Captain. Is not the bridge the wrong I'll be the judge. Yes, you're quite right. Thank you, Mister Your presence here is interfering with my efficiency, my ability Deck five.  If I can accomplish my mission by turning tail and running, I'll Yes.  Yes, Elaan.  No.   Scott to Captain.  Kirk here.  I've got bad news, Captain. The entire  It's completely unusable.  No chance of restoring warp drive?   Not without dilithium crystals. We can't even generate Kirk out. Elaan, I have to go back to the Bridge. Please, you Results also negative.  It is my time to waste, Ambassador.  That is the captain's responsibility, Ambassador. Captain, message from the Klingon ship. They demand an immediate reply.  They're trying to force a fight. Scotty, what's our energy Ninety three percent of impulse power, sir.  We can still manoeuvre.   Manoeuvre? Aye. We can wallow like a garbage scow against a Our shields will hold for a few passes, but And let the Klingons know they succeeded in Help could not arrive before the Enterprise would be destroyed. We'll stall for time, proceed on course and Frequency open, sir.  This is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise on Federation I'd say our strategy wasn't totally effective.  Captain, the Klingon ship is closing on an intercept course. Five Scotty, can you give me partial power on the phaser banks?   No, sir, not a chance.  Three hundred thousand kilometres.  I told you to stay in Sickbay.  We're not going to die. Now get off the bridge.  One hundred thousand kilometres.  He's passed us. All shields held.  Mister Sulu, bring her to one four three mark two. Keep our Here he comes again, sir.  Stay with the controls. Keep our forward shields to him.  Better than warp seven.  Hard over, Sulu. Bring her around. He's going for our flank. Sorry, Captain. She won't respond fast enough on impulse.  He's past us again. Damage to number four shield.  How bad?  It will not withstand another full charge, Captain. I'm getting He's paralleling us again. He seems to have broken off the What sort of readings, Mister Spock?  She is the source.  Elaan?  The necklace.  What kind of jewels are in this?  These are common stones? (scans them) See, Captain? Here and Common stones? Now I see why the Klingons are interested in this You may have just saved our lives. Mister Spock, do you think No doubt, Captain.  He's coming in again, sir.  Mister Sulu, prepare on my order to turn quickly to port. Try and Aye, sir.  Now, Sulu. hard a-port!  Shields holding, but weakened, sir.  Captain. Message coming in.  Captain, number four shield just collapsed. Impulse power down to Lieutenant Uhura, open a hailing frequency.  Channel open, sir.  This is Captain James Kirk of the United Spaceship Enterprise. Scotty, your estimate.  We're fitting it now, sir, but we'll have to Test it in combat.  Captain, these are crude crystals. There is  Aye, that could blow us up just as Let me know when it's in place. Open a hailing frequency.  Hailing frequency open, sir.  This is the Enterprise. Will you guarantee the safety of our Captain, he's starting his run.   Scott to Captain.  It's in place, sir, but I can't answer for You and Spock get up here. Sulu, prepare for Aye, sir.  Chekov, arm photon torpedoes.  Photon torpedoes ready.  Warp power to the shields, Captain?  Negative. His sensors will pick up our power increase. The more Aye, sir.  Mister Chekov, give him a full spread of photon torpedoes.  Aye, Captain.  One hundred thousand kilometres.  Scotty, stand by to cut in warp drive.  Fluctuation. It's the shape of the crystals. I was afraid of Seventy five. Seventy. Sixty. Fifty.  Fire at minimum range.  Forty.  She won't steady down.  Thirty.  Warp in, Scotty. Full power to shields.  Warp factor two. Bring us to course one four eight mark three.  Chekov, photon torpedoes. Fire!  Aye, sir.  Direct hit amidships by photon torpedo.  Damage to Klingon number three shield. Number four shield He's badly damaged, Captain. Continuing away at reduced speed.  Secure from general quarters. Well done, Mister Sulu. Scotty.  No. Mister Sulu, resume course for Troyius.  Aye, aye, sir. No.  I have no choice.  Goodbye. Energise. (to Spock) It's stabilised now.  Spock, I've isolated the biochemical substance of the Elasian You are too late, Doctor. The Captain has found his own Are you out of your Vulcan mind? Do you know how long I've The antidote to a woman of Elas, Doctor, is a starship. The Mister Sulu, prepare to take us out of orbit.  Well, I doubt seriously if there's any kind of an antidote for In this particular instance, Doctor, I agree with you.  Ahead warp factor two.   Look at those pine trees.  And that lake.  I swear that's honeysuckle I smell.  I swear that's a little orange blossom thrown in. It's Astronomical, Captain. The relative size, age and composition of What in blazes is that?  Analysis, Spock.  An alien metal of some kind. An alloy resistant to probe. Any theories about what it is?  Negative, Captain. Structures of this complexity require Meadows and no meteor craters. The whole place is an enigma, What's the nearest concentration of life forms, Mister Spock?  Bearing one one seven mark four.  And how much time did you say we have to investigate?  If we are to divert the asteroid which is on a collision course You did say thirty minutes?  Yes, sir.  Then let's go. Let's find out what life forms are blessed by this Why, they look like. I'd swear they're American Indians.  They are, Doctor. A mixture of Navajo, Mohican, and Delaware, I It's like discovering Atlantis or Shangri-la. Mister Spock, is it Highly improbable, Captain. Sensor probes indicate only one type Shouldn't we contact them, Jim? Tell them?  Tell them what? That an asteroid's coming to smash their world Too primitive to grasp the concept of space flight, Doctor. Our We've got a job to do. Let's get back to the Enterprise.  What's the matter, Jim?  What? Oh, nothing. It's just so peaceful, uncomplicated. No Typical human reaction to an idyllic natural setting. Back in Ah, the Tahiti Syndrome. Let's go take care of that asteroid. But Doctor?  Yes.  I suggest that any further research on your part be delayed (standing next to the symbols) Kirk to Enterprise. (and drops  Yes, sir.  Spock to Enterprise.  [IC] Enterprise. Come in, Mister Spock.  Prepare to beam us up, Mister Scott. We're warping out of orbit. Leaving? You can't be serious, Spock.  Doctor, that asteroid is almost as large as your Earth's moon. The devil with an asteroid! It won't get here for two months, If we arrive at the deflection point in time, it may not get In the meantime, what about Jim?  Once the asteroid has been diverted, we'll return here and That may be hours from now. He may be injured or dying.  (picking up two stoned to illustrate his point) Doctor, assume Can a few more minutes matter, Spock?  In the time it's taken me to explain the problem, the asteroid  (dazed and confused) Where am I? What Who are you?  I can't give you warp nine much longer, Stress or not, we cannot reduce speed. I do  Deflection point.  All right, but we're moving further into the danger range all  If these circuits  Objection noted, Mister Scott. Carry on.  I'll answer anything I can, but as I told you, many things are I came from the temple, as Miramanee said, and it was a beginning Wait a moment.  He'll be all right now.  It's a simple technique. It goes way back. Way back.  Deflection point minus seven.   Full power, Mister Scott.  The relays will reject the overload, Mister Spock!  Then bypass the relays and go to manual control.   We'll burn out the engines!  I want full power, Mister Scott.   Aye, sir.  All right, you lovelies. Hold together. Full Magnification factor twelve, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir.  Deflection point minus four.  All engines stop. Hold position here.   All engines stop, sir.  Prepare to activate deflectors.  Aye, sir.  Power dropping, sir.  Engineering, maintain full power. Full power.   Dilithium crystal circuit's failing, sir. We'll have to Not now.  Zero. Deflection point now, sir.  Activate deflectors.  Power dropping, sir.  Degree of deflection, Mister Sulu.  Not enough, Mister Spock. It's only point zero zero one three Recircuit power to engines. Maximum speed heading three seven Aye, sir.  That heading will put us directly in the asteroid's path, sir.  Correct, Mister Chekov. I intend to retreat in front of that What for?  To destroy it. A narrow beam concentrated on a single spot will It might also cripple the ship, and we would be crushed by the Incorrect. We'll still be able to get out of its path by use of Jim won't be able to get out of its path.  That, Doctor, is another calculated risk we must take. Miramanee, tell me about the Wise Ones.  Not this one. Tell me.  Secrets of the temple.  The secrets were passed on from father to son?  Well, why doesn't Salish use it? Why are the people in danger?  Ki, Kir  No, no, everything is fine.  Your land is rich, your people happy. Who could be displeased I can't tell you anything. All I can tell you is that I'm happy Why are they so sure I can help them?  Yes, but I. I need time to remember.  Co-ordinates, Mister Chekov.  Tau eight point seven. Beta point zero four one.  That is our target. The asteroid's weakest point.  Almost dead centre, sir.  Lock all phasers on that mark. Maximum intensity, narrow beam. I You sound like you're cutting a diamond.  Very astute, Doctor.  All phasers locked, sir.  We'll fire in sequence and continue firing as long as Mister Standing by, sir.  Fire phasers.  Phaser one firing.  That Vulcan won't be satisfied till these  Phaser two firing.  Phaser four firing. All phasers fired, sir.  Rig for simultaneous firing, Mister Sulu. Commence simultaneous My bairns. My poor bairns.  The Joining day?  No, Miramanee, there's no one else in my mind or my heart.  Name the Joining day.   Don't ask for anymore warp nine speeds, Mister Spock. Our Estimated repair time?  Hanging here in space? Forever.   The only thing that'll fix these poor I've already surmised that. Thank you, Mister Scott.  Well, Spock, you took your calculated risk in your calculated I accept the responsibility, Doctor.  And my responsibility is the health of this crew. You've been Mister Chekov, resume heading eight eight three mark four one.  Back to that planet? Without warp speed, it'll take months, Exactly fifty nine point two two three days, Doctor, and that Well then what's the use? We might not be able to save the Another calculated Vulcan risk, Doctor.  I have found paradise. Surely no man has ever attained such Get out of my way, Salish.  Nobody's asking for your permission.  I have no intention of striking you dead.  I thought you were reporting to Sickbay.  There isn't time, Doctor. I must decipher those obelisk's You've been trying to do that ever since we started back to that I'm aware of that, Doctor. I'm also aware when we arrive at the Well, you won't read them by killing yourself. You've hardly I am not hungry, Doctor. And under stress, we Vulcans can do Well, your Vulcan metabolism is so low it can hardly be My physical condition is not important, Doctor. That obelisk is. Well, my diagnosis is exhaustion brought on from overwork and Miramanee. Come here. Miramanee.  I'm happy. I'm so happy. If it weren't for the dreams, my mind They've come back. They were gone for a while, but they've come A gift? What?   These last few weeks, my love for Miramanee grows stronger You!  A canal. And with it we'll bring the water from the lake right to Lamp.  Preserve.  Preserve.  Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. That's not why I made the lamp at It's only the wind and the thunder.  Time?  Why?  But it's only the wind. The wind can't harm them.  But I can't do anything about the wind or the sky.  I don't know how to get inside the temple.  We'll go to the caves. It'll be safe there.  Take care of Miramanee.  I am Kirok! I have come! I am Kirok!  I prescribed sleep.  You prescribed rest, Doctor. The symbols on the obelisk are not Musical notes? You mean it's nothing but a song?  In a way, yes. Other cultures, among them certain Vulcan Were you able to make sense our of the symbols?  Yes. The obelisk is a marker, just as I thought. It was left by I've always wondered why there were so many humanoids scattered So have I. Apparently the Preservers account for a number of That's probably how the planet has survived all these centuries. Which has now become defective and is failing to operate.  And we have to find that deflector and put it back into working Precisely, Doctor. Miramanee!  I need Nurse Chapel.  Spock to Enterprise.   Come in, Mister Spock.  We've located the captain. Beam down Nurse Chapel with an My wife. Is she all right?  Wife?  Hallucinations?  Miramanee.  The nurse has given you something to ease the pain. Why were you Naturally, since he did not come from there.  His brain is unimpaired. Everything else is functionally Can you help him?  It'd take time.  Time, Doctor McCoy, is the one thing we do not have in  Tracking report, sir. Sixty five minutes to end of safety Report noted. Doctor, is he strong enough for the Vulcan mind We have no choice.  I am Spock. You are James Kirk. Our minds are moving closer. No!  James Kirk.  Miramanee! No! Miramanee!  Our minds are one.  I am Kir  I am Kirok! I am  Spock!  What is it?  His mind. He is an extremely dynamic individual.  It worked.  Captain, were you inside this structure?  Yes. What's inside is loaded with scientific equipment.  This obelisk is one huge deflector mechanism. It is imperative McCoy.  I don't know how to get inside.  If we are not able to gain entry and activate the deflector The key must be in these symbols. We've got to decipher them.  I already have to some extent, Captain. They are musical notes.  You mean entry can be gained by playing certain notes on a That would be one method. Another would be a series of tonal Give me your communicator. Tonal control, consonants and vowels. If you could remember your exact words, Captain.  (flipping open the communicator) Kirk to Enterprise.   Aye, Captain.  Scotty, if the deflector isn't activated within twenty minutes, It is similar to deflector panels I've seen, Careful. I must have hit something accidentally. A beam caught me Probably a memory beam. You must have activated it out of More symbols. Can you read them?  I do have an excellent eye for musical notes, Captain. They Spock, just press the right button.  How is she?  She had bad internal injuries, Jim.  Will she live?  No.  And so are your people, Miramanee.  If that's what you want.  And I'll love you, Miramanee. Always.  I have completed the assignment, Captain. A Yes, Mister Chekov. I can read, and as usual your theoretical Mister Spock. Full sensor scan of the region, please.  I did give a full report  Yes, Mister Spock, that was the past. I'm concerned with the No, sir. Compliance presents no problem.  Then, Mister Spock, comply.  Sensor scan to one half parsec. Negative, Captain.  Very well.   I can find no reason for the captain's behaviour, except Maintaining course and speed, sir.  Change course. Come about to one eight five, mark three.  But, sir, that'll lead us directly into the Romulan Neutral Zone. Yes, very perceptive, Mister Sulu. I know where the course change Aye, sir.  Increasing sensor scan to one parsec. All scanners report clear. Better and better, Mister Spock.  Captain, leaving Neutral Zone. Now entering Romulan space.  Very well, Mister Sulu.  Lieutenant, when did the order come through?  Order?  From Starfleet. The order to enter the Neutral Zone.  There's been no order I know of, Mister Scott.  Surely the Captain couldn't be doing this on his own authority.  If you two have complaints, you can bring them out into the open. That's a Klingon ship! But it couldn't be, not in this area.  Intelligence reports Romulans now using Klingon design.  Sound Red Alert. Man battle stations. Stand by main phasers.  Battle stations. All hands, battle stations.  A second ship has appeared. (another one decloaks) Correction, Lieutenant Uhura, code a message to Starfleet Command. Advise Aye, sir.  Mister Spock, your sensors read clear. What happened?  I have a theory, Captain.  Captain Kirk, I'm receiving a class two signal from the Romulan Put it on the main viewing screen, Lieutenant, and complete that Aye, sir.  Your information is correct. This is Captain Kirk.  Lieutenant. (mutes sound) They want something, or they would have True, Captain. That would be standard Romulan procedure.  It's my ship they want, and very badly.  It would be a great prize.  Lieutenant. (sound on) Save your threats. If you board this ship, My first officer, Commander Spock.  You understand that Starfleet Command has been advised of the The design of the ship is the same. Mister I believe the Romulans have developed a cloaking device which If so, Romulans could attack in Federation territory before we They caught us right enough.  Well, that's a brilliant observation, Mister Scott. Do you have We've not got many choices.  We have three. We can fight and be destroyed, or we can destroy If the Enterprise is taken by Romulans, they'll know everything If we had not crossed the Neutral Zone, on your order, you would Jim, you ordered us? You had no authority!  Dismissed, Doctor.  Jim!  I said dismissed.   Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.  The Romulan vessel is signalling again, sir. Put them on the screen.   Aye, aye, sir.  Put him on.  Why should we walk right into your hands?  What guarantee do we have they'll beam aboard our ship once we're Give us your transporter co-ordinates. We're beaming aboard.  One final order, Engineer Scott. If we do not Perfectly clear.  Energise.  Commander. I'm honoured.  Spock.  Instrument failure caused navigational error. We were across the Accidents happen. Cut off back-up systems malfunction. We were The error was corrected.  We were not spying, Commander.  You're grossly mistaken if you think we were there  I understand.  Starfleet is not in the habit of informing Romulans of its What earns Spock your special interest?  It is no myth.  I reserve the privilege of speaking only when it will not You're being clever, Commander. That is unworthy of a Romulan. You've been told everything. There's nothing else to say.  We've been all through that, Commander!  You would not resort to them, Commander. They would prove Let her rant. There's nothing to say.  I cannot allow the captain to be further destroyed. The strain That's a lie!  As you can see, Captain Kirk is a highly sensitive and emotional Shut up, Spock!  I'm betraying no secrets. The commander's suspicion that You filthy liar!  I am speaking the truth for the benefit of the Enterprise and (having to be held back by the guards) I'll kill you, you filthy He is not sane.  Security, put our two Romulan hostages in the brig. Lieutenant Channel is open, Mister Scott, and you are tied in.  This is Lieutenant Commander Scott. The Enterprise takes no  Kirk, And we will stay right here until Did you hear that, you coward? You've betrayed everything of I am half Vulcan. My mother is a human.  Vulcan.  Eighteen years.  The question is irrelevant.  My duty as an officer is to obey him.  I do not desire a ship of my own.  Such opportunities are extremely rare.  That thought has occasionally crossed my mind.  Commander, shall we speak plainly? It is you who desperately  Bridge to Doctor McCoy.  McCoy here.  Doctor, you must beam aboard the Romulan I don't make house calls.  Doctor, it's Captain Kirk!  He'll recover, but he'll need further attention. Inform your Indeed.  I am honoured, Commander. Are the guards also invited?  Of course. I shall obey your restrictions.  It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain McCoy. Chief medical officer.  Well, you can see for yourself, he's mentally depressed, No, not now.  Yes, it's possible.  I am ready.  Spock, I don't believe it. There's no price you could pay that The matter is not open for discussion, Doctor.  What do you mean, the matter's not open for discussion?  There is no alternative, Doctor. The safety of the crew is now You traitor. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. I'll kill you!  What did you do? What did you do?  I was unprepared for his attack. I instinctively used the Vulcan Your instincts are still good, Mister Spock. The captain is I left orders that no one come in here.  Well now that you know it, you might as well assist me. Hand me Spock gave him a nerve pinch to simulate death.  I didn't know it until I beamed aboard the Romulan ship. Jim and Oh. (sitting up) My neck feels like it's been twisted off.  That's the Vulcan death grip for you.  Ah, but the Romulans don't know that. Sure fooled the doctors.  You took a big chance they didn't start an autopsy.  As far as the rest of the crew's concerned, I'm still dead.  That's what this whole masquerade was about. To keep the So that if anything went wrong, you would be the one to blame.  Bones, I want you to prepare for surgery.  What for?   Sickbay to Bridge.  Scott here, Doctor.   Mister Scott, will you report to Sickbay.  Sickbay? I can't leave the bridge at a time like this.  You have to. It's urgent.  We're surrounded by enemy vessels ready to Well, I do. Mister Scott, please.  All right, Doctor. It better be important. All right, Doctor, what's so urgent that... Captain? Captain Yes.  Well, you look like the devil himself, but as long as you're Are those Romulan officers still aboard the ship?  They're in the brig, sir.  I'll need a Romulan uniform.  Aye. It'll be a pleasure. I am very flattered, Commander. There's no doubt that the What the devil is Spock doing? What's delaying him?  I wish I knew. Scotty, are you sure we have a clear channel to Aye, sir. No doubt of it.  Then we can't wait any longer. Prepare to beam me aboard the But Mister Spock hasn't sent the proper co-ordinates yet.  It can't be helped, Scotty.  You're taking an awful chance, Jim.  Just don't put me inside a bulkhead. Energise. I've just effected an escape from the Federation vessel. I have Good. I shall remember to mention your alertness to him. Return A place?  I was not aware of that aspect of Romulan society.  Please believe me. I do appreciate it.  Yes, of course, but not just this moment. An hour from now will I was beginning to wonder.  How rare, and how beautiful. But so incongruous when spoken by a Spock to Captain Kirk.   Kirk here.  Captain   Are you prepared to beam over?  I'm already on board, Spock. Do you have the information?  Yes, Captain. The cloaking device is in an Spock, I'll get the cloaking device. Will you Unknown, Captain. At present, I am rather Commander, your attire is not only more appropriate, it should There's an intruder aboard. Has someone tried to gain entrance Over there!  I must confess that I too am moved emotionally. I know it is There's an enemy spy aboard. He'll be after the cloaking device.  Scotty, energise.  But, sir, what about Mister Spock?  We'll just have to hope he can buy us enough time to get this It'll have to hook into our deflector shield control.  Can you do it?  I don't know, sir.  You have fifteen minutes, Scotty. That will be profitless, Commander. I do not believe you will I assure you I am quite sane.  First officer of the Enterprise. (Broken-hearted, she slaps his Captain!  You're alive!  They said you'd been killed, sir.  The report was premature.  Captain, your ears. What happened?  We'll discuss it later. Mister Sulu, lay in a course for home. Aye, sir.  Aye, sir.  Aye, sir. I demand the Right of Statement first.  Thank you. I shall not require much time. No more than twenty My crime is sabotage. I freely admit my guilt. (Scott is There is no regulation regarding the content of my statement. Mister Chekov, there's only one Vulcan aboard Romulans and Vulcans appear to read almost exactly alike. There Feed the co-ordinates to the transporter room on the double. Have Captain Kirk. Mister Scott is on the intercom for you, sir.  Go ahead, Scotty.  I've got that device installed, but bless me  It's the biggest guess I've ever made.  Stand by, Scotty.  Sir, transporter room has the co-ordinates and is ready for Transporter room, beam Mister Spock aboard.  Beyond the historic tradition of Vulcan Transporter room reports Mister Spock The commander?  Aye, sir.  All right. Have them report to the Bridge on the double. Mister Holding at warp nine, sir.  Scotty, throw the switch on that device.  I did, sir.   It's not working.  Lieutenant, open a channel to the Romulan vessel.  Aye, sir. I have Sub-commander Tal, sir.  Establish two-way visual contact.  This is Captain Kirk. Hold your fire. We have your commander Break contact!  Scotty, we're running out of time.  Captain, I'm working as fast as I can.  Mister Spock, distance from the Romulan vessel?  One hundred and fifty thousand kilometres, Captain, and closing Stand by, phasers. Commander, you'll forgive me if I put up a One hundred thousand kilometres. They should commence firing at Scotty.  It's ready now, Captain, but I don't know Throw the switch.  It'll likely overload.  Throw the switch.  Mister Sulu, come about. Three one eight mark Three one eight mark seven, sir. Executing.  The cloaking device is working perfectly, and the commander has Thank you, Mister Spock. Cancel Red Alert. We'll let you off at Mister Spock will have the honour of escorting you to your Commander. Deck two. It is regrettable that you were It was my only interest when I boarded your vessel.  You underestimate yourself, Commander.  Obviously. Military secrets are the most fleeting of all. I hope It was the only choice possible. You would not respect any Entering Neutral Zone, Captain.  Very good, Mister Chekov. Thank you, Mister Leslie.   Sickbay to Bridge.  What is it, Bones?  Well, if all the shouting's over up there, What for?   Well, you're due in surgery. I'm going to bob your ears.  Captain, please go. Somehow they do not look aesthetically  On humans.  Well, are you coming, Jim?   Or do you want to go through life I'm on my way.   Professor Starnes? (the man has a phaser, and looks terrified.) He's dead, Captain.  He didn't seem to know me.  Cyalodin.  Self-inflicted.  All this. Self-inflicted. Mass suicide.  Kirk of the starship Enterprise.  No sign of grief?  No, Jim. No indication of any kind.  Or of fear.  They seem completely secure and unafraid.  And you insist their behaviour indicates traumatic shock?  I don't insist, Jim, but I can't dismiss the possibility.  A child suppresses the fact that both parents are dead? I can't Humans do have an amazing capacity for believing what they Not these children, to this extent. It's incredible.  What those children saw is incredible, Jim. The way those deaths I'll be guided by that opinion, Doctor, for the present. What Not until the fabric of the traumatisation weakens or you come Accepted, Doctor.  Careful.  Children. Children, listen to me. It's late and it's time to go I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You'll go up with the doctor.  Come on. It's time to be going.  Whatever happened here is locked up inside those children.  The attack on Professor Starnes' party must surely have been Attack? Mass suicide is what it seems to be.  I stand corrected, Captain. Induced would be a more precise Such as?  The release of bacteria. Or a helpless mental depression and a What would make the children immune?  I do not know, but it is possible.  Then the children would have been exempted by conscious design.  A valid assumption, I would say.  And their present behaviour explained by a fear of punishment. Or the promise of reward.  An attack by an unknown assailant on an uninhabited planet. This At present, yes. (his tricorder beeps) Odd.  Getting a reading?  There seems to be some disturbance coming from that cave.  Picking up any life-forms, Mister Spock?  Definitely not humanoid, Captain. Impossible to make any (shivers) Oh, that's strange. That's very strange. I'm getting a I'm not aware of it, Captain.  Maybe that's what's registering on your tricorder.  I am not familiar with anxiety, but I wasn't aware it could be No, of course. That's, that's me. That's me. But what's causing Are you all right, Captain?  Yes, I'm fine. I'm fine. Just some sympathetic vibration with The tests show no evidence of tensions due There has to be an answer.  Well, can't it wait till we get to a Starbase hospital so they We're not leaving here until we find out what went on or what's Well, I won't prevent you questioning them, but it could harm It could be far worse for them if I don't, and for us too.  Be careful.  Well, well, well. You're all having such a good time, I think I'll have a dish, too.  A little one. A very small one. It's better than Triacus, isn't I don't think your parents liked it very much either.  I'm sure your parents loved you. That's why they took you with Now wait a minute.  No, I don't think so. It'll spoil your dinner.  All right, children, you've had a busy day. I think you could use Tommy, Just a moment. I'd like to ask you a question. Come and In the cave, on the planet. On Triacus.  Did you see your father today?  Did he seem upset?  What about?  What was going on that would have upset him?  I'm not upset with you, Tommy, or your friends. We invited you Aren't you unhappy about leaving Triacus?  Aren't you upset about leaving your parents?  Yes, certainly. I'll take you.  Kirk to security. Post a guard on the children. They're to be Maintaining standard orbit, Captain.  Lieutenant Uhura, any report from the planet security team?  Everything is quiet, sir.  (enters) Captain, I have extracted the salient portion of Good.  Among the technical facts he gathered, Professor Starnes also Let's see them.  Let's see some more of these unscientific hypotheses, Mister There is another portion, Captain, which I believe you'll find What happened?  Unknown.  I didn't see you come in, Tommy.  No. We'll probably take you to a Federation Starbase.  I'm sorry, Tommy. Marcos Twelve is not within our patrol area. All right, Tommy. Lieutenant, have Doctor McCoy report to my Hi there.  (blissfully unaware of reality) The planet Triacus.  Yes, we will. All the time we're here.  (seeing reality) Mister Sulu, the screen. We're out of orbit.  When did we change course?  What do you mean, we haven't changed course? Look at your bridge Have you gone completely blind? That's not orbiting position.  What the devil do you think you're doing?  You blind fool! Can't you see in front of you? We're not in You are disobeying an order from the bridge. Now step aside.  Not yet.  He never completed the entry, and the dispatch was never sent. That could be what destroyed him.  Possible, Captain. Evil does seek to maintain power by Or by misleading the innocent.  Misleading the innocent? I wonder.  Do you mean the children may be involved?  Yes, Doctor. Spock what do we know about the race that lived According to the legend, Triacus was the seat of a band of Is that the end of it?  No, like so many legends, this one too has a frightening ending. Is it possible that the evil found the catalyst?  I was speaking of a legend, Captain.  But most legends have their basis in fact, Spock.  I think I read you, Jim, but as medical officer I must warn you I understand your diagnosis, Doctor, and I'll respect it. But not Spock, what other expeditions have visited Triacus?  According to Federation records, this is the first.  What was it Professor Starnes said about the unseen force?  He said an unseen force was influencing him, that he recognised A ship. Yes, a ship for Triacus. But why? By whom? (into comm.) Your tour of duty will last one hour. Be prepared with your Beam up the security detachment from Triacus. (no one appears) I am unable to lock on to the proper co-ordinates.  Why not?  It appears we are no longer orbiting Triacus.  That's impossible. If we're not orbiting Triacus, then the men I Captain, we are no longer orbiting Triacus.  Activate the bridge monitor screen.  Captain to Bridge.   Mister Sulu, we're not orbiting Triacus. With all respects, Captain, you're wrong. I have Triacus on my You're off course. I'm coming right up.  Sulu!  Helmsman, disregard what you see on the screen, what you think Helmsman, did you hear me?  Yes, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura, contact Starbase Four. Tell them we're bringing Aye, aye, sir.  Lieutenant, what are you staring at?  I see my death. A long death. Disease and pain. I see my death.  Lieutenant, there's nothing there.  Oh, God. Captain, don't let it be.  Mister Spock, you make the call to Starfleet. Mister Sulu, I Captain, stay away from the controls! If you touch them, we'll be Mister Sulu, there's nothing there.  Captain, why are we bothering Starfleet?  That was an order, Spock.  This bridge is under complete control.  Complete?  There is no need.  Take a look around you.  I cannot obey your order, Captain.  Take Mister Sulu to his quarters. He is relieved of duty.  Confine them to quarters. Did you hear me? Did you hear me?  Captain, we must get off this bridge.  Yes, we must. I'm losing command. I'm losing my ability to I'm losing command. I'm losing the Captain.  I've lost command. I've lost the Enterprise.  Jim.  I've got command. I've got command. I've got command.  Correct, Captain.  Where to, Captain?  Auxiliary control, my Vulcan friend. This ship is off course. Scotty. I want you to override the bridge I can't do that, sir.  Why not?  These are very sensitive instruments. I will not have you upset Scotty, listen to me. The Enterprise has been invaded by alien No, I'm all right, Spock. My beast is Captain, so long as the children are present, there is danger. Spock, they're not the alien beings. They're children being They are followers. Without followers, evil cannot spread.  They're children.  Captain, the four hundred and thirty men and women on board the They don't understand the evil that they're doing.  Perhaps that is true, but the evil that is within them is We'll have to kill them.  What is it, Ensign?  I have been instructed to place you and Mister Spock under By whose order?  Starfleet Command, sir.  Where did you hear this order, Ensign? Now, listen to me. This I'm sorry, but I must insist you and Mister Spock come with me Ensign, listen to me.  (drawing his phaser) Do not force me to kill you, sir. I will Ensign, listen to me. This is a false order, Ensign.  I have never disobeyed an order, Captain. You know I have never I know that, Ensign. You have never disobeyed an order, but an I will not disobey now! I cannot disobey!  Ensign, listen to me. You will disobey this order!  Enough. Take these men to detention then join me on the bridge.  The Enterprise will never reach Marcos Twelve. We will not be The crew does not understand. When we make them understand as I Your friend? Where is your friend? Where is that stowaway? Why Good. I'm glad you're not afraid of me. (Takes his seat) But your He's afraid to be seen. And when the crew sees and hears him, Then let him show himself. Bring him out! Let him prove to me Mister Spock, playback the chant the children sang to summon up The time has come to see the world as it is. Come on.  I did, Gorgan. My beast is gone. It lost its power in the light You take from those who do not know you.  And we know you.  Not if we join together to fight you.  We're also very strong.  Children, I have pictures of some of you on Triacus. I'd like to Why should you fear it?  So we were told. Mister Spock, the pictures. The children are Tommy's father would have destroyed you, but he recognised you Not always, Gorgan. Not this time. You can't hide from them. They Don't be afraid. Look at him. Without you children, he's nothing. Look how ugly he really is. Look at him and don't be afraid.  It's all right.  They're crying, Jim. I don't know how it happened, but it's good It's all right, Mary. It's all right. It's all right, isn't it, Yes. It's all right. We can help them now.  Marcos Twelve dead ahead, sir.  Reverse course, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir.  Course reversed, Captain.  Set course for Starbase Four, Mister Sulu.  Yes, sir.   Phaser banks standing by, sir.  Range forty three thousand and closing.  What do you read, Mister Spock?  Configuration unidentified. Ion propulsion, high velocity, Any contact, Lieutenant?  Hailing on all frequencies, sir. All languages have been Keep trying.  Aye, sir.  Magnification ten, Mister Chekov.  Aye, sir. Thirty eight thousand and closing.  Well, Scotty?  It beats me, but isn't she a beauty?  Interesting design.  I've never seen anything like her. And ion propulsion at that. Life forms, Mister Spock?  One. Humanoid or similar. Low level of activity. Life-support Directed at what?  Directed at the Bridge of the Enterprise, Captain.  Security guard.  Security guard to the Bridge.  I'm Captain James Kirk. This is the Starship Enterprise.  What happened?  Helm status, Mister Sulu.  No change from last reading, sir.  Condition reports from all decks, Lieutenant.  Aye, sir.  Spock. Where's Spock?   Jim! Jim!  Yes, what is it?  You'd better come down to Sickbay   Right now.  All right. On my way.  Deck five. Personnel, no damage. Now.  Thank God.  Spock. What happened?  Like this?  No, not like this.  What happened?  I don't know.  You've got him on complete life support. Was he dead?  He was worse than dead.  What do you mean?  Jim.  Come on, Bones. What's the mystery?  His brain is gone.  His what?  It's been removed surgically.  How could he survive?  It's the greatest technical job I've ever seen. Every nerve If his brain is missing, then Spock is dying.  No. That incredible Vulcan physique hung on until the That girl.  Aye.  What girl?  From that ship. She took it. I don't know why, or where, but she I can't give you any guarantee.  That's not good enough, Doctor.  If it happened to any of us, I'd say indefinitely. But Vulcan Then we'll take him with us.  Take him? Take him where?  In search of his brain, Doctor. From what you say, the moment we Jim, where are you going to look? In this whole galaxy, where I'll find it.  Even if you do, I can't restore it. I don't have the medical It was taken out. It can be put back in.  But I don't know how.  The thief that took it has the knowledge. I'll force it out of If you don't find it in twenty four hours, you'd better forget You and Scotty have Spock ready. I've got it again. An ion trail matching when Where does the trail lead to?  System Sigma Draconis.  Lock on, Mister Sulu. Maximum speed.  Warp six.  No question about the trail?  No mistake, sir. Captain, I've lost the trail.  All scanners, extreme sweep.  Aye, sir.  Well?  Nothing, sir.  No signal at all, Captain.  It's gone, sir. A sudden deaction shift.  We've lost her trail, but she went into that system. Mister Aye, Captain.  Read out, Mister Chekov?  Sun, spectral type, Gamma nine. Nine planets, three of them, She was breathing our air. She must've gone to one of them. Show The one on the left, number three, rates letter B on the Earth equivalent approximately 1485.  Yes, sir. Second planet Class M, number four, rates letter G.  The year 2030.  But that ship, Captain, either it was many years ahead of us or Third Class M planet, Mister Chekov.  Number six. No sign of industrial development. At last report, Now. as I understand it, Mister Chekov, there are three Class-M Yes, sir.  Not one of which is capable of launching an interstellar flight,  No, sir.  Yet one of them accomplished it.  Yes, sir.  Thank you, Mister Chekov.  Captain, I'm picking up high energy generation on planet six.  That's the primitive glaciated planet.  Yes, sir.  The source of it?  It could be natural. Volcanic activity, steam, any number of What do your surface readings show, Mister Chekov?  No sign of organised civilisation. Primitive humanoids picked With regular pulsations of generated energy?  I can't explain it, sir.  I can't afford to guess wrong. I've got to choose the right Recommendations, Mister Chekov.  Sigma Draconis Three. It's closest, heaviest population.  But a technological rating of only three. They couldn't possibly None of these planets could.  I say planet four, Captain. At least planet four is ahead of But advanced ion propulsion is beyond even our capabilities. It'd What would they want with his brain? What would they want with Yes.  Why do they want it?  Yes. Why would they want it? Eight hours and thirty four minutes. Several thousand years at least. Only the tropical zone is But the energy. Regular. It's there. It's real.  Yes, sir. It doesn't make sense, but it's there.  Have the transporter room stand by. I'm taking a landing party Aye, aye, sir.  A hunch, Captain?  A hunch, Mister Sulu.  What if you guess wrong, Captain?  If I guess wrong, Mister Spock is dead. Spock will die. Suit temperatures to seventy two. Life-form readings, Mister Scattered. Widely spaced. Humanoid, all right. On the large Watch out. We know their development is primitive.  Aye.  Read out, Mister Chekov.  No structures, Captain. No mechanised objects that I can read. You have a thick skin.  Captain! There's someone, something out there in the rocks. Five Phasers on stun. I want them conscious.  Fire only on my signal. Flank out.  We mean you no harm. We're not your enemies, we're your friends. No. We come from a far place. We are men.  Like yourselves.  Who are the Others?  Do they live here with you?  Do they come from the sky?  Do they come for your women as well?  The female of your kind.  Don't you have a mate?  A companion.  Will you take us where we can find the Others?  We do. We want to find them. Take us there and we'll let you go.  Captain, five hundred metres in that direction there's a Buildings?  Yes, sir. Immensely old, completely buried. But they were here Somewhere down there is where the Others live. Scotty, see if you Aye, sir.  It's all right.  It's all right. Let him go.  What could the Others do to cause such terror?  What was it he said, pain and delight?  A peculiar mixture.  A dead and buried city on a planet in a glacial age.  And the male humanoid who doesn't know the meaning of the word  Captain!  Over here, sir. There's food in there and a I don't think so. Scotty.  Metal. Forged, tempered. Our apish friends didn't make these. It could be a warning device to keep those creatures away from Or the food could be a lure set by the Others to bring them in In that case, the beam would be a signal.  And this cave a trap.  If it will trap the creatures for the Others, Captain, won't it Exactly.  Kirk to Enterprise.   Enterprise. Uhura here.  Have Doctor McCoy beam down immediately.   Aye, sir.  Mister Chekov, you and the security team will remain here at the Aye, sir.  All right, Bones. Bring him along.  Keep him close to the right.  Ready?  Call Chekov and tell him to send my stomach down.  It might be a long wait. We may as well be Phasers on stun.  Captain, that power we picked up above, we're getting closer.  A lot of it?  Enough to push this planet out of orbit.  What source?  Either a nuclear pile a hundred miles across or  Or what?  Ion power.  We're slowing down.  Is she all right?  I'll have her talking in a minute.  Who's in charge? I wish to speak to him.  What have you done with Spock's brain? Where've you taken it?  You're lying!  She's not, Jim. No change in reading. She doesn't know.  (to Scott) See what you can pick up on your communicator.  Aye.  We don't want to hurt you. What is this place?  Who are you?  Jim, it's no use. You'll get nothing out of that one. Hers is Captain, I've got something, but I can't quite get a fix on it.   Fascinating. Activity without end, but with no volition.  Spock, is that you?   Captain? Captain Kirk?  Yes, Spock. Yes.   Captain, there is a definite pleasurable experience Where are you, Spock?   Is that you, Doctor McCoy, and are you with the Captain?  Where else would I be?  Mister Spock, where are you?   Engineer Scott as well. Unfortunately, I do not know where We'll get you, Spock. It won't be long.   A practical idea, Captain. It seems unlikely that I shall Quickly!  There she is. That's the one. What have you done with Spock's What have you done with Spock's brain?  This is Spock. You saw him on the ship. You have his brain. It I do not know about Luma, but you were on the Enterprise. I saw You came to my ship!  I saw you on my ship.  Jim, she may not remember or even really know. Disassociation No, it doesn't.  Sorry. We don't want to hurt anyone.  No. We'll stay here and learn about you and tell you of us.  Yes, for instance, above it's cold and harsh. And below, it's Aye. There's no sun, but there's light.  I wish to talk to those in charge.  Yes, the organisers, the managers. The leader of your people.  That's impossible. Who built the machines?  Who are the doctors? Who operates?  Who controls this complex?  Yes, the Controller. The Controller. Who controls? I would like We intend no harm.  No, no, no. I promise you.  We just want to talk to somebody about Spock's brain. That's Yes. Yes, in a way it is. The human brain controls the Bones. Scotty. Spock's brain controls  It's not possible.  Great leader. Great leader! (He kneels in front of Kara.) We come He is our friend. You must take us to him. We beg you. Soon it You must take us.  I never felt anything like that. Every nerve I wouldn't believe the human organism could take such pain.  These are on to stay for a while. Must be a magnetic lock of No wonder the Morgs are so obedient, and terrified.  How is this place kept functioning by the primitive minds we've Those women could never have set up anything as complex as this They were smart enough to invent these training devices. What a Pain and delight, he said up above.  I'm sure you noticed the delight aspect of this place.  Yes, I certainly did notice those delightful aspects. But that How does Spock's brain fit into this?  With a communicator, we might be able to find out. This fellow is Isn't there a way to correct that situation?  I certainly think that science might provide an answer.  It does, Captain.  Agreed, Doctor.  Science will triumph. Come on, Scotty. Bones, give them something  Yes, Captain, I am still here. Have you returned to the No. We might be able to locate you, if you gave us some idea of  I am not certain. I seem to have a body which stretches Body? Why, you have none.   Then what am l?  You are a disembodied brain.   Fascinating. It could explain much, Doctor. My medulla Spock, we don't have time for that.   Why are you endangering your lives by coming here?  We came to put you back. Where are you?   Back where?  Back into your body. We brought it along with us.   Thoughtful, Captain, but probably impractical. While I Thank you.   No denigration intended, Doctor McCoy. That skill does not The skill to remove it exists right where we are. Restoring it  Captain, I appreciate the risks you are taking on my Eighteen hours and twelve minutes.   Doctor McCoy must've told you that twenty four hours is the I told him.  That leaves us exactly five hours and forty eight minutes, Spock.  It does seem all too brief a time to develop such skills, Yes. Very brief. That's why we must get to you immediately. Beam  Acknowledged.  Got it.  Bones. (Spock's body stands up and they walk out of the room)  Oh, Spock, one question.   Yes, Captain.  We've got pain-giving devices attached to us. Can you tell us how  I shall give it top priority.   Captain, I have an answer for you. It seems your pain bands Oh, yes it does, Spock. (further along) Keep concentrating, Must be in there, Captain.  Jim.. Spock. No pain.   How very flattering.  You'll find another Controller.  Spock, you're in a black box tied in with light rays into a  Fascinating.  You say you're breathing, pumping blood, maintaining temperature?  Indeed, Captain. That is unquestionably part of what I am He will not stay. (He makes Spock release her, and grabs her She couldn't, Jim. Her mind is functioning on a very simple She was on the Enterprise. She must have done it. How did you do How do you get the old knowledge?  What is the Teacher?   If I may explain, Captain. She refers to the tape How does it work? Show us.  You must tell us.  How does it work? Show us! We'll protect you.   It is a device with feeding circuits. They lead into the Without you there could be no delicate miracle that kept Spock's Yes. From the very first, I appreciated your ability.  That phaser is set to kill.  We're not the first to bring you the knowledge of killing. If you But Spock will be dead. His body's dying this minute.  No one may kill a man. Not for any purpose. It cannot be You must help us. When you came to the ship, you had the How long does the knowledge last?  It would be just enough time.  If you had the knowledge, could you restore what you've taken?  You must help us. You must restore with that knowledge what you You must put back what you have taken.  Jim, it worked for her. It might work for me.   She is an alien. The configurations of her brain are I'm a surgeon already. If I could learn these techniques, I  Captain, you might lose the doctor that way.  He might, but we're sure to lose you if I don't try.   I cannot allow you to jeopardise your life for me.  Spock, didn't you hear? I might be able to retain and bring Go ahead, Doctor. Put the Teacher on.  Of course. Of course. A child could do it. A child could do it. I've never seen anything like it. He's operating at warp speed. No. You won't be destroyed. You'll be without your Controller for No, you'll live and develop as you should have. All this There are other ways. You'll discover them. You must move to the No, you won't. You'll learn to build houses, to keep warm, to Captain Kirk!  What is it?  He's forgetting.  I can't. I  Bones? Bones?  All the ganglia, the nerves. There are a million of them. What Bones, you can't stop now.  I'm trying to thread a needle with a sledgehammer. What am I Bones?  No one can restore a brain.  You could. A while ago it was child's play. Well?  He's dying, and I can't stop it.  (hoarse) Yes. Doctor McCoy.  Spock?  If you will finish reconnecting my speech centre, I might be Speech centre.  Yes. That's correct. One thing at a time. Ah, ah, mmm. (normal Sonic separator.  Yes, I believe I already have some sensation of feeling. Please Tri-laser connector. Ready?  Ready.  Right forefinger.  (twitching) Correct.  Right wrist.  Correct.  Right elbow.  Correct. Very good, Doctor.  I'll never live this down. This Vulcan is telling me how to Closed.  Well?  How do I know? I could have made a thousand mistakes. Sealing Congratulations, Doctor. And thank you.  How do you feel, Spock?  On the whole, Captain, I believe I am quite fit. Fascinating. A I knew it was wrong. I shouldn't have done it.  What's that?  I should have never reconnected his mouth.  Well, we took the risk, Doctor.  (to Kara, amid laughter) As I was saying, a fascinating cultural Mister Marvick. I am James Kirk, the Captain.  Yes, everything will be taken care of. This is Mister Spock, my Montgomery Scott, Chief Engineer. Call me Scotty.  Thank you, Mister Marvick. I shall be wearing the visor.  We mustn't keep the ambassador waiting. If you'll go with Mister Aye, indeed. It's a rare privilege meeting one of the designers Lieutenant Uhura, open a channel to transporter control centre on  Aye, sir.  This is Captain Kirk. Inform the ambassador and Doctor Jones It has proved effective for Vulcans.  It's your human half I'm worried about.  I shall endeavour to keep it under control.  Inform me when transport is complete.  Welcome aboard, Ambassador Kollos. I am First Officer Spock.  Captain Kirk, we are ready.  Lieutenant Uhura, open a channel to all Channel open, sir.  This is Captain Kirk to all ship's personnel. Clearance plans now  Clear passageways immediately. The Ambassador will be Doctor Jones, may I congratulate you on your assignment with I'm sure you will find it a fascinating experience.  No one ever has. I was referring to mind-links I had attempted I was unable to accept. My life is here.  Spock to Bridge. We have arrived at the Ambassador's quarters.  Thank you, Mister Spock. Notify all hands to Warp factor two, sir.  I would appreciate an opportunity to exchange greetings with the I almost envy you your assignment.  Not correct, Doctor, although I am aware of your mind attempting I understand. May I show you to your quarters?  I understand. Our ship's surgeon often makes the same complaint. I can't understand why they let you go with Kollos.  The male population of the Federation. Didn't someone try and Well, I'm glad he didn't succeed. Otherwise, I wouldn't have met Tell me, Doctor Jones. Why isn't it dangerous for you to be with Why, thank you, Captain.  You're very welcome, Mister Spock. But no human can look at You poor girl.  On the contrary, Doctor, I would say that Doctor Jones was Vulcan is not my idea of fun.  To read minds?  I don't understand.  Doctor Jones was born a telepath, Captain.  Oh.  What most humans generally find impossible to understand is theJS Or of their own thoughts and emotions. I was just noticing your Well, I doubt that Mister Spock would don the most revered of all As a matter of fact, I wear it this evening to honour you, Yes, very interesting. I might even say fascinating, but back to I don't care how benevolent the Medusans are supposed to be. I see, Doctor McCoy, you still subscribe to the outmoded notion, Yes, I think most of us are attracted by beauty and repelled by How can one so beautiful condemn herself to look upon ugliness To whatever you want the most, Miranda.  Some more Antarean brandy? (seeing her far-away look) What is it? In this room?  Who is it? Can you tell?  Of course. Perhaps I'll see  I'll escort you to your quarters.  Sleep well, Miranda.  Are you sure you're well enough to find your way alone?  Now, where I come from, that's what we call a lady.  Yes, she is something special.  Larry, would you like to stop off at Engineering with me? I have Good night, gentlemen.  Good night, Scotty. You dressed up for the occasion, Spock. Very I genuinely intended to honour her, Captain. Good evening, Good evening. Sleep well.  Bones, what's troubling you with the girl?  Well, she's not just another girl, Captain. Don't make that I didn't think that for a moment. What else?  I don't know what it is, exactly. She seems very vulnerable.  We're all vulnerable in one way or another.  Of course. But there's something so very disturbing about her.  Meaning she's quite a woman. I agree.  Good night, Jim.  Good night, Bones. Miranda!  Miranda?   Miranda!  Ah, there, Marvick. So you couldn't resist a wee wager. Has the Ambassador been hurt?  Who could have done such a thing?  Larry Marvick? Why?  Do you know whether he saw the Medusan?  Then insanity will surely be the result, Captain. Dangerous The controls are all yours, and the bottle  Captain Kirk to all ship personnel. Red Alert. An attempt Explain, Lieutenant Sulu.  I don't believe this myself, Captain, but we're travelling at And accelerating.  Get engineering, Uhura.  They don't answer, Captain.  Warp factor nine and accelerating.  Can't you disengage power from there, Mister Spock?  Trying, Captain. Mister Chekov, your assistance, please.  Captain, I have engineering now.  Put them on intercom.  Security to engineering.  No.  Scotty, where are we?  I don't know!  Bones.  All right. All right.  We'll take you to a place to hide.  Come on. We must stay here with the controls. Ready to speed. He's dead, Jim. Where are we?  We are evidently far outside our own galaxy, judging from the I have the autopsy report on Marvick. Heart action stopped, You mean he just simply died.  I mean he evidently could not live with what he saw.  Or what he felt. Damage report, Scotty?  We need some repairs, sir, but the ship is intact.  Position report, Mister Spock.  Impossible to calculate. We lack data to analyse. Our Then we should be able to navigate back.  Unfortunately, we lack reference points on which to plot a A madman got us into this, and it's beginning to look as if An entertaining suggestion, Mister Chekov, but not very helpful. There is someone else aboard who might be able to help us Very possibly. The Medusan sensory system is radically different Explain.  A fusion. A mind-link to create a double entity. Each of us Hazards?  If the link is successful there will be a tendency to lose I don't think she'll want anyone to intrude in the kind of Doctor Jones has shown reluctance every time I've asked to I could confine her to quarters.  Not sufficient. Her telepathic powers are formidable. If it is I think that could be arranged. I may be sentimental, but this is my favourite place. Earth.  Certainly.  Try these.  Let me see. It's just a thorn. I was hoping to make you forget You mustn't blame yourself because Marvick loved you.  But someday, you will want human love and companionship.  Are you willing to spend the rest of your life with the Medusans A meeting of minds is all very well, but what about love, Miranda, I meant no insult. Please. Here we are among the roses. Miranda, don't.  The Enterprise is at stake. It is not possible for you to be This is not a duty that you can assume. I am aware of the fact Now wait a minute. I realise that you can do almost anything a What?  Fascinating.  I'm sorry, Miranda, but you must be realistic. You are blind, Evidently a highly sophisticated sensor web. My compliments to Yes, of course. It's the only reasonable explanation. You can't An elegant solution. but I fail to understand why you apparently I think I understand. You said it. Pity is the worst of all.  No, that won't be necessary. Mister Spock will make the Please. Do not fight us like this, Doctor Jones. I appeal to you If we can't persuade you, there is someone who can. You'll have Bones, why hadn't you told me?  She would have told you herself if she had wanted you to know. I Yes, there's a great deal to respect about that lady.  This is delightful. I know you. All of you. James Kirk, Captain That's not Spock.  Are you surprised to find that I've read Byron, Doctor?  That's Spock!  Am I addressing the Ambassador?  In part. That is, part of us is known to you as Kollos. Ah, My world is next for us. Captain Kirk, I speak for all of us you We don't hold you to blame for what happened, and thank you now And now to the business at hand. With your permission, Captain.  Yes. Mister Sulu, release the helm to Mister Spock.  Aye, sir.  Co-ordination is completed.  Then go ahead, Mister Spock.  Warp one in six seconds. Five, four, three, two, one, zero.  Position report, please, Mister Chekov.  Our position? Our position is so close to the point where we Thank you, Mister Chekov. Manoeuvre completed, Captain.  Take over, Mister Sulu. Thank you, Ambassador. Mister Chekov, The new headings will be plotted in a minute, sir.  How compact your bodies are. And what a variety of senses you Ambassador, you must dissolve the link.  So soon?  There must be no delay.  You're a wise Captain.  Captain.  Spock! Don't look! Cover your eyes!  Don't move!  But, Jim.  No one is to move. Spock? Are you all right?  Spock? It's all right. You're safe with us now.  He's hardly breathing. Help me get him to Sickbay.  Unless Miranda can look down into his mind and turn it outward (pacing) Vulcan mind techniques. They seem so untrustworthy now Her knowledge of them may be the only thing that could save But does she want to? She's been in there so long.  There's nothing else to be done.  She tried to help Marvick. Marvick is dead.  That's different. Marvick loved her.  And Spock is her rival. Is that any better? Even Spock felt the But they weren't rivals in love. Jim, you shouldn't go in there. Whatever happens, Bones, don't interfere. Captain Kirk.  No change?  What are you doing about it?  Which doesn't seem to be much.  It's worth a try, isn't it? After all, he's not a machine.  Only half. The other half is human. Far more human than you, If you don't reach him soon, he'll die. But that's what you want, Oh yes? You want him to die. What did you do to him on the Yes, you know your rival, don't you? You couldn't keep him from Your desire to see Kollos is madness! You can never see him. The smell of hatred, the stench of jealousy permeates you. Why Kollos knows what's in your heart. You can lie to yourself, but What'd you say to her?  Maybe too much.  What's she doing in there?  You may be right, Bones. Maybe I shouldn't have gone in. She was Spock.  You look like you've paid a visit to the devil himself.  Miranda.  You have what you wanted most.  Well, I'm truly sorry that you're leaving. Goodbye.  I didn't think you'd even talk to me.  Miranda, good luck, Health. I have something for you.  I never met a rose that didn't.  I rejoice in your knowledge and in your achievement.  And the ways our differences combine to create meaning and Live long and prosper, Miranda.  Peace.  Dust. Apparently these instruments have not Record tape. Maybe it'll tell us something about the personnel  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, please.  Kirk here. What is it, Enterprise?   Scott here, sir.  Our instruments have picked up a gigantic  With very high levels of cosmic rays How bad?   An enormous one.  Our sensors indicate the cosmic ray At that rate, it will take exactly seventy Get that ship out of here. Stay at minimum distance for absolute Aye, aye, sir. We'll beam you up in   Negative. We're staying here. The atmosphere will protect Get that ship out of here, Mister Scott.   Very well, sir. Scott out.  Mister Spock, what about that tape?  Remember, Captain, what we see on this tape happened What happened to them?  Where's does that sound coming from? Spock, can you pinpoint it?  Negative, Captain. It doesn't register.  Bones! Spock!  Spock. Bones. Where are we?  Exactly one two one point three two metres beneath the planet How did we get here?  Residual energy readings indicate we were beamed here by a That's a nasty cut, Jim. Does it hurt?  No.  Captain, picking up a life-form reading bearing four two mark One of the missing scientists?  Negative. Although humanoid, it is definitely not Homo Sapiens.  Identification?  Impossible. I can make no exact identification other than it Let's find out. Phasers on stun.  Approaching the life-form, Captain.  What is it?  Still undistinguishable.  Be careful.  She seems harmless enough.  The sand-bats of Manark Four appear to be inanimate rock We're not going to hurt you. Is this your home? Do you live here? From what we know of the specific gravity and other Are you responsible for bringing us here? Don't be afraid. Bones, She's a mute, Jim. No vocal cords, not even vestigals. And I Explain.  She appears to be perfectly healthy. As for the other, her lack A race of mutes, like the civilisation on Gamma Vertis Four.  That's my observation, for whatever it's worth.  Without speech, how's she going to be able to understand us? An unlikely possibility, Captain, since over ninety eight We can't keep referring to her as she, as if she weren't here.  Do you have any ideas?  Well, I don't know about you, but I'm going to call her Gem.  Gem, Doctor?  Well, that's better than 'Hey, you.'  I want to know why we're here. I want to know what's going on. I'm Captain  Who are you? Why did you bring us here?  What do you intend to do with us?  We come (moves forward and gets pushed back by a weapon) Since I can't seem to stand up.  Don't fight the force field. There's something about it that Mister Spock there must be an exit other than the one we just Correct, Captain.  Do you feel all right, Jim?  Don't worry about me. They may have hurt her.  Did they hurt you?  The pain is gone. She touched my head, and the pain is gone.  The wound is completely healed. It fits, Jim. She must be an Thank you.  Captain, in that direction, my tricorder is now picking up a Details.  Electronically sophisticated devices. I fail to understand why Well they're there now. Let's go check them out. (to Gem) Staying Fascinating.  Look at this stuff.  Bones Spock, come here.  Jim, Spock.  We've seen the results of some of your tests.  I found our missing men. Dead. Another one of your experiments?  Yes. Your time is running out. This sun is about to nova. When it Let's get out of here.  Readings indicate the passage to the surface lies in this Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to Enterprise, come in. Out of range. Research station six kilometres in that direction, Captain.  Let's get there as fast as we can. If the Enterprise has a search Spock! Much further?  Just ahead.  Hey, Jim, look. Scotty and a search party.  Scotty!  Scotty!  Stay there! Come on!  We're coming!  Keep going.  Where'd they go?  I believe they were never actually present, Doctor. It was a Where's Kirk?  Jim.  What are you doing here? Where's Scotty?  Captain, it was a mirage.  What about the others?  Very well.  You can't go back there. You'll end up like the other two.  Captain, I request permission to be allowed  Denied.  But, Captain  You have your orders.  What happened to my men?  One specimen, you said. One specimen! What happened to my men?  Where are they? Tell me! You said you'd let them go!  Mister Sulu, will you give us an estimate of Aye, sir. Readings now indicate two point seven two one on the Aye. Well, as long as we're stuck out here, we might as well The storm's already lasted four hours longer than we've That's not likely. The planet's atmosphere will give them ample What is it you want to know?  You don't need any knowledge from us, yet you're willing to kill Well, what did you expect from them? And what do you want from Why? What is it you hope to prove? If my death is to have any Come on, Spock, the passageway was there Doctor, I'm unable to lock in on the previous readings. I can Captain! (Kirk wakes) Jim, what is it? What have they done to Help him. Don't be afraid to help him.  Jim. You lie still. I'll check her out right away.  Will she live?  She seems fine now.  Can you explain what happened?  Complete empathy. She must be a totally functional empath. Her She weakened. I could feel it. Is her life in danger?  It's impossible to say yet, but supplying your body with life Her withdrawal seemed to suggest the fear of death, Doctor. Only That's true. Fear would naturally be her first reaction. Perhaps Could the strain really have killed her?  Oh yes. However, I'd assume that her instinct for I'm tired.  Can you recall what happened, Captain?  I remember the laboratory, and they wanted to know something. But Take it easy.  What's the matter with me?  You have all the symptoms of the bends. Nitrogen bubbles in your You'll have to ask the Vians. Will I live?  Well, you could use some time in a decompression chamber. But Captain, I noted that a light preceded you at the moment you Spock, why do you have to get so analytical at a time like  No, he's right. Continue.  I conclude such a light is an energy transfer point linking this Can you tap into it?  If I can determine the frequency at which this device operates, And get us out of here the same way we were brought in.  I would say so.  Then I would say proceed.  It is.  We will not co-operate.  How's it coming, Spock?  I do not know, Captain. I'm beginning to understand its Spock, It won't be long before the Vians come back. You better Take it easy, Bones.  Men weren't intended to live this far underground. It's just not And space travel is?  Some men spend the majority of their lives in mines beneath the I'm a doctor, not a coal miner.  I've recorded my principles and theories on the tricorder, I'm not a mechanic. I couldn't get that thing to work no matter Possibly not, but you and the captain together will be able to In any case, Spock, you're the logical one to leave with the The decision's mine. If there are any decisions to be made, I'll I don't need any  I'm still Chief Medical Officer of the Enterprise. I'll tell you How long will he be asleep, Doctor?  Between the emotional strain and that attack of bends, he's in I'm not criticizing your action, Doctor. On the contrary, I'm How?  While the captain is asleep, I am in command. When the Vians You mean, if I hadn't given him that shot  Precisely. The choice would have been the captain's. Now it is Your action is highly unethical. My decision stands.  Not this time, Spock.  The choice has been made. (to Gem) You stay here with my Get on with it.  Why did you let him do it?  I was convinced in the same way you were, Captain. By the good Anything?  Hmm. A most unusual device. It is a control unit, but not a What exactly is it?  This control is attuned to one electrical pattern of energy, the Can you adapt it, re-attune it to fit our brain pattern?  I shall attempt to do so. However, it is not possible to adjust Do whatever you have to to make it work, Spock. What disturbs me Fascinating. They must have known we were capable of And that we would use it to escape.  The only logical assumption is that they wish to let us go.  And they keep McCoy.  That is evidently their intention, Captain.  (to Gem) Somehow, you're the crux, the focal point of all this. Indeed, the facts would indicate that she's essential to their Yes, there is a purpose, but what is it? Has all the pain and Completed, Captain. The adjustments are delicate. They may not Will it take us to McCoy?  If you so desire.  The best defence is a strong offense, and I intend to start Bones. Spock. Get him down. His wrists. (they lie him on a couch) Severe heart damage. Signs of congestion in both lungs. Evidence I  Don't talk. Don't speak. Take it easy until we get you back to He's dying, Jim. We can make him comfortable, but that is all.  You don't know. You're not a doctor.  Internal injuries. Bleeding in the chest and abdomen. He's right, Jim. Being a doctor has its drawbacks. I always How long?  It could happen anytime.  The correct medical phrase, ay, Spock? You've got a a good Can't we do something?  I'm afraid not.  Gem might be able to help him, the way she helped me, but could Uncertain, Captain. Dr. McCoy's analysis of her reaction assumes If she could just strengthen him and keep him from sinking She can save his life. Let us help her to go to him.  What purpose can all this serve, except the fulfilment of some Patient? Our friend is dying.  What purpose can be served by the death of our friend, except to Then you also know that the millions of inhabitants on its This arena of death that you have devised for your pleasure. Will How will the death of our friend serve this purpose?  We were? What could she learn from us?  You were correct, Captain. Everything that has occurred here has Captain, Dr. McCoy's life is not solely dependent on Gem. The Then you cannot let him die.  Don't touch me. Stay away. Jim. Spock. Are you here?  Yes, Bones.  Don't let her touch me. She'll die. Jim, I can't destroy life, Captain?  What is it?  The intensity of emotion is draining us and building up the Yes, I know.  It draws its energy from us, Captain. In spite of what we see, I'll try.  Yes. (Spock takes the device from Thann, and Kirk is free too.)  Spock. You must save the life of our friend.  It is complete. Gem has earned the right of survival for her If death is all you understand, here are four lives for you.  We will not leave our friend. You've lost the capacity to feel Strange.  What is puzzling you, Captain?  I'm not puzzled, Mister Spock. I am awed.  I'm with you, Captain. She awed me.  No, no. I wasn't thinking of Gem. I was thinking of that Captain, the element of chance can virtually be eliminated by a Not to dispute your computer, Mister Spock, but from little what What, Scott?  Do you not know the story of the merchant? The merchant, who Yes, she was all that. And whether the Vians bought her or found Well, personally, I find it fascinating that with all their Perhaps the Vulcans should hear about this.  Mister Spock, can you be prevailed upon to bring them the news?  Possibly, Captain. I shall certainly give the thought all the Mister Sulu, ahead warp factor two.  Aye, aye, sir. Warp factor two.   Captain, we are registering very curious readings from all Specify.  I cannot. According to our instruments, space itself is What about sensor failure?  Negative. I have run a complete check on all systems.  Captain. We're losing power in the warp engines.  How bad is it?  We can barely read it, but I don't like the looks of it. And I Captain. Visual detection of an object dead ahead.  How about it, Spock?  Fascinating.  Explain.  There is virtually no sensor contact. No mass analysis. No trace The Defiant! Mister Sulu, impulse engines only. Close to Aye, aye, sir.  Lieutenant, open up a hailing frequency.  I've been trying to raise them, sir. There is no response.  Just within transporter range, sir.  Good. Maintain position. Mister Spock, Mister Chekov, come with Aye, sir. Energise. Has there ever been a mutiny on a starship before?  Absolutely no record of such an occurrence, Ensign.  Jim. The Captain's neck is broken.  The ship is still functioning, Captain. It is logical to assume Use the ship's sensors to locate them. Kirk to Enterprise.   Scott here, sir.  Prepare to beam over a full security squad on my orders.   Aye, aye, Captain.  Captain, there is no sign of life aboard this vessel.  Odd, Mister Spock. Very odd. Spock, you stay here with me. Aye, aye, Captain. Standing by.  I can't get an accurate fix on the Defiant, Mister Scott, but I Aye, I think you're right. Keep us within beaming range, but not Captain.   Report, Mister Chekov.  Just like what I found in life support. All dead.  Get back up here.  Kirk to McCoy.  McCoy here.  Bones, can you tell me what they all died of?  I'd say these people killed each other.  They what?  You heard correctly, Jim. These people Could mental disease have infected all of the  According to the ship's log, the medical surgeon down here The best I can do is get all the readings I What the devil?   Bones, what is it?  Bones, what is it? Answer me!  Answer me!  Jim, this ship is dissolving. My hand just  And a table.  Get up here on the double. Mister Scott, the Defiant. It's starting to disappear.   Bridge to transporter room.   You got that transporter working yet, Mister?  Take over, Mister Sulu. I'll be in the Aye, aye, sir. Captain, the Defiant's sensors correspond You mean what happened to the Defiant might be happening to the Affirmative.  Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Scott.   Scott here.  Mister Scott, stand by to beam us back.  I can't, sir. At least, not all at once.  Why not? What's happened?  Everything. That ship you're in is fading  It's jamming our transporter Chekov, McCoy, prepare for transportation. You, too, Spock.  Request permission to remain, Captain. I could be completing the Request denied.  Captain, there is a chance  I know what the chances are. Mister Spock, don't argue. Get back Aye. Energise.  It's gone. The Defiant just vanished.  Anything?  Negative.  That's it. I've done all I can. There's nothing out there to Computer working.  Compute the next period of spatial interphase.  Next interphase two hours twelve minutes.  Two hours and twelve minutes? That power leak has unbalanced the We must try, Mister Scott. The fabric of space is very weak I don't understand what's so special about this region of Well, picture it this way, Mister Chekov. We exist in a universe Mister Spock? We will be able to retrieve the Captain at that Yes. However, the dimensional structure of each universe is I see.  And die like him?  Chekov! Chekov!  Security guards to the Bridge.  Aye, sir.  What happened, Mister Spock?  I was attempting to explain to Mister Chekov the nature of our Did anyone notice anything peculiar in his behaviour before I think he had several spasms of pain.  Did he seem to be getting hysterical?  Doctor, he seemed more angry than frightened.  He had no cause to be angry.  Take Mister Chekov to Sickbay. Put him under restraint.  Lieutenant Uhura is correct. There was murderous fury in Chekov. That's what I was afraid of. Whatever it was that drove the crew Is there anything you need to isolate the cause?  Time. By the way, Mister Spock, I think it might be a wise If we are to recover the Captain, we must not move.  How long will that take?  Approximately two hours before the attempt can be made.  Spock, are you sure that Jim is still alive?  The Captain was caught in our transporter beam when the Defiant Mister Spock. A vessel approaching on an intercept vector.  Status, Mister Sulu.  Range two hundred thousand kilometres. Velocity zero point five Lieutenant Uhura, signal Red Alert.  Aye, sir. Red Alert. All decks, go to Red Alert.  They've stopped dead, sir. Range ninety thousand kilometres and Mister Spock? I'm receiving a visual signal.  Transfer to main viewer.  Aye, sir.  Spock, in command of the Federation star ship Enterprise. We are not interested in your display of force. The Enterprise The other ship is interspatially trapped. It should reappear in If we could only find the proper filtering agent, we might be Nurse, take this sample and run an analysis on it.  Bridge to transporter room.  Transporter room here.   Ready for interphase in twenty seconds.  Thank you, nurse. Call security. I want to have some checks run Lock on to Captain Kirk's co-ordinates   And prepare to bring him aboard, Mister  Bring him aboard, Mister Scott.  I'm trying. Captain Kirk is not on his designated co-ordinates,  Well, keep trying, Mister Scott.  Lieutenant Sulu, evaluation.  Sensor readings are not corresponding to those we received the It's possible the Tholian entry into the area has disturbed the  McCoy to Bridge.  Spock here.  Has the Captain been beamed aboard yet?   Negative, Doctor.  When is that interphase going to happen?  Theoretically it already has happened,  However, the ship's sensors are not I thought you had the thing timed out.  I did, Doctor. The space was disturbed by You mean you don't know whether you're going  Not at this interphase.  I shall have to recalculate to determine You can't wait for the next one. We've had  I had to confine my orderly to sickbay. I have confidence that you will soon isolate the cause, Doctor, The disease is not transmitted by the men,  The molecular structure of the brain And the madness that affected the Defiant's  Now you've got to get this ship out of Mister Spock, we're being fired upon.  The renowned Tholian punctuality.  Mister Spock, damage control report. Minor structural damage to Engineering, hold power steady and cut off all unnecessary But sir, that'll reduce our phaser power by fifty percent.  Mister Spock!  Scott to Bridge!  Spock here.   I know you don't like to use the phasers, but you've got to Understood. Lieutenant Uhura, open a channel to the Tholian Phasers locked in, sir.  There's no response on any frequency, sir.  What's the use of this battle, Spock? You've lost Jim. Take this Ready, Mister Sulu?  Ready, Mister Spock.  Fire.  A hit, Mister Spock.  Engineering, status report. Mister Scott?   Spock, that hit from the Tholians has fused our power I can't do a thing with the Enterprise now.   She's bound to drift, maybe right Can you estimate minimum time required for repair?  I don't even know if she can be repaired.  Are you satisfied? Spock, why did you do it? The decision to fight was logical. Lack of time prevented any You should've known what could've happened and done everything Doctor, I hardly believe this is the time for comparisons. Mister Spock, something has just entered sensor range. It's Fascinating.  Shall I lock in remaining phaser power, sir?  Negative. Lieutenant Uhura, can you open a channel to the They're refusing reception. I can't  Distance, Mister Sulu.  Just beyond phaser range, sir.  What is that?  Mister Sulu, I shall run an analysis on those filaments. Tie in Yes, sir.  There's no analogy to this structure in Federation technology. Doctor, your last report on an antidote on the effects of this It's still negative, Mister Spock. Theragen is the most The urgency requires your personal attention in the laboratory.  My staff is working around the clock. My being there will not A few hours ago, the Captain elected to remain on board the Take him to Sickbay. Put him in restraint.  I shall not attempt to voice the quality of respect and Attention. (a respectful pause) Dismissed.  There is a duty to be performed in the Captain's quarters, which It can wait, Doctor. My duties require my immediate presence on The Captain left a message tape. It was his order that it be It will wait for a more suitable moment, Doctor.  Why? Are you afraid it'll change your present status?  The mental and physical state of this crew are your The Captain's last order is top priority, and you will honour (looking at a medal) He was a hero in every We came here for a specific purpose, Doctor.  Maybe not the same one. I really came here to find out why you The Captain would have remained to recover a crew member at the Yes, he would, Mister Spock, but you didn't have that decision I need not explain my rationale to you or any other member of You mean to be sure if he was dead. Well, you made certain of That is enough, Doctor. We both have other things to do.  Yes, I have something to do. If this crew is to survive, I have You will return to your duty as soon as we've discharged our There's no hurry, Mister Spock. The antidote probably doesn't I must admit I don't understand you, Spock, but I just can't Doctor, I am in command of the Enterprise.  I would like to remedy that situation.  If you believe I have acted irregularly, then relieve me of [on monitor] Bones, Spock. since you are playing this tape, we Spock, I, er, I'm sorry. It does hurt, doesn't it?  What would you have me say, Doctor?  Spock here.   Mister Spock, we have a readout on the Tholian tractor I shall be there shortly. Doctor, I believe we each have our Captain! Captain Kirk, we thought you were  Spock! Mister. Oh, Doctor I've just seen the Of course you have, Uhura. We would all like to  He's alive. He's alive, Doctor.  Of course.  Believe me, I did see him. I did. Spock! Mister Spock!  We're going to Sickbay.  Doctor. Doctor, I'm not going mad. I did see Captain Kirk. I've Scott to Captain.   Scott to Captain.  Spock here. Proceed, Mister Scott.  One of our crewmen just went berserk, but we Report to Doctor McCoy all symptoms noted  Spock out. Yes, Nurse.  Yes, it's beginning to spread generally throughout the ship.  No, except I'm positive that it's a theragen derivative that's Mister Spock didn't believe me either, did he, Doctor?  Well, nobody saw him but you, Uhura.  Then I didn't really see him, did I?  I don't think so.  Will I become like Chekov, Doctor?  No, no. We're working hard. We'll find an antidote.  We're beginning to interphase.  Scott to Bridge.   Bridge. Spock here.  Are we slipping into interspace?  Negative. We are relatively stable at the  Why do you ask?  I don't believe it.   What is it, Mister Scott?  Mister Scott?   Mister Spock.  I've just seen Captain Kirk. He was standing  And then he just disappeared.  Report to the bridge immediately.  Sounds like a horror story. Suppose there's any truth in it?  In critical moments, men sometimes see exactly what they wish to Do you suppose they're seeing Jim because they've lost I was merely stating a fact, Doctor.  It's getting critical. There have been a number of assaults down Please leave that to me, Doctor McCoy. I realise that the crew Spock! It must be this space. It's getting to me too. I know I understand, Doctor. I'm sure the Captain would simply have Mister Spock, look!  Captain? Captain? Captain.  Am I all right, Doctor?  Yes, Uhura, you're fine.  Then what I saw  It was real.  Captain Kirk's alive?  We all saw him. The Captain's still alive.  McCoy here.  I'll be right there.   Then your fears about that phaser were Exactly. But the Captain remained. Only the overlap time Can you be ready?  That'll be about twenty minutes. Aye, It will have to do, Mister Scott. (door buzzer) Come.  What have you got there?  Compliments of the house. To your good health and the health of You've found the antidote, Doctor.  Yes, and I've ordered it orally or intravenously for everyone Ensign Chekov was affected so early. Has he responded to it?  He's his smiling self again. I've discharged him from Sickbay.  What is it?  It's a diluted theragen derivative.  Theragen? A nerve gas used by the Klingons.  Aye. And deadly, too. What are you thinking of, Doc? Are you If I remember correctly, it caused fatality only when used in That's right, and in this derivative, mixed with alcohol, it Oh, well, any decent brand of Scotch will do that.  One good slug of this, and you can hit a man with phaser stun, Does it make a good mix with Scotch?  It should.  I'll let you know. (leaves with the remaining contents of the Well, drink it down, Spock. It's the human thing to do. That's a Welcome back, Lieutenant.  Thank you, sir.  Your absence was keenly felt, Mister Chekov.  Thank you, Mister Spock.  Estimated time for completion of the Tholian web.  Two minutes, sir.  Are the ships computers programmed for entry into interspace?  Yes, sir. The ship can drive into interspace at any time.  Spock to engineering.  Scott here.   Prepare for interphase in  Fifteen seconds.   Aye, sir. Standing by.  Mister Spock, they're closing the web.  Interphase in ten seconds. Nine, eight   Seven, six, five  Stand by with full power.   Four, three  She's only up to seventy six percent.  It will have to do.  One.  Ready to transport on my order.  I see him.  There he is!  It's the Captain. Sir, the tractor field is activating.  We're being pulled out of here.  Try to maintain position Mister Sulu.  I can't, sir.  Engineering, bring ship's power up to full capability. Where are we now, Mister Spock?  Captain, we have destroyed the Tholians' web.  Negative, Ensign. Utilising ship's power has thrown us clear of At once, sir.  Have we lost the Captain?  We shall soon see, Lieutenant.  The ship has been thrown exactly two point seven two parsecs Good. Since the Captain was locked into our transporter beam McCoy here.   The Captain's oxygen supply is running out now. Are you I'm ready, Mister Spock.  Prepare to transport on the Captain's Mister Spock, it's him! It's the Captain!  I see him, Ensign. I see him. Now, Doctor.  Bones.  Welcome home, Jim. I had a whole universe to myself after the Oh, we managed. Mister Spock gave the orders, and I found the Good. No problems between you?  None worth reporting, Captain.  Try me.  Only such minor disturbances as are inevitable when humans are Which humans, Mister Spock?  He means when humans become involved with Vulcans, Jim.  Ah, yes. I understand. Well, I hope my last orders were helpful Orders, Captain?  What orders are you referring to, Jim?  My last orders. The last orders that I left for both of you. The Oh, those orders. Well, there wasn't time. We never had a chance No. You see, the crisis was upon us, and then passed so quickly, Good. Good. Well, I hope we won't have similar opportunities to Warp factor two, sir.   Do we have maximum magnification, Lieutenant?  Yes, sir.  Missile spread, Mister Spock.  Very archaic type, Captain. Sub light speed.  Aye, and chemically fuelled to boot, sir.  Anything on communications, Lieutenant Uhura?  No, sir. All bands clear.  Course of the missile, Mister Spock?  It would appear that the Enterprise is the target, Captain.  Prepare phaser banks one and two, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir.  Mister Chekov, get a fix on the missile's point of origin.  Aye, Captain.  Phasers one and two locked in and ready.  Fire phasers. (the missiles are obliterated) Mister Chekov, alter Aye, sir.  Warp factor three, Mister Sulu.  Warp factor three, sir. You're excused. You may return to your quarters.  What's the emergency?  I said you were excused, Nurse. Please, Christine. I promise you That was quite a scene.  I've just completed the standard physical examinations for the Excellent. What's the emergency?  The crew is fit. I found nothing unusual, with one exception.  Serious?  Terminal.  What is it?  Xenopolycythemia. It has no cure.  Who?  He has one year to live.  Who is it?  The ship's Chief Medical Officer.  You.  I'll be most effective on the job in the time left, if you'll Mister Spock.  Yes, Captain?  Confirm Chekov's co-ordinates for the missile's point of origin.  Correct, Captain. We are approaching those co-ordinates.  That object on the screen?  An asteroid, two hundred miles in diameter.  Could the enemy vessel be hiding behind the asteroid?  Negative, Captain. We've had that area on scanners constantly.  Then the asteroid is the missile's point of origin.  Correct, Captain.  Full sensor probe, Mister Spock.  Typical asteroid chemically, but it is not orbiting. It is How could that be? Unless it's powered. A spaceship?  It is under power, Captain. And correcting for all gravitational Source of power?  Atomic. Very archaic. Leaving a trail of debris and hard Mister Chekov, plot the course of the asteroid vessel.  Aye, sir.  Asteroid has an outer shell, which is hollow. It surrounds an Then it must be on automatic controls.  Then the passengers, or builders, are dead.  Course of asteroid, I mean spaceship two four one mark one Interesting.  Yes?  The course Ensign Chekov just gave for the asteroid would put it Daran Five? Inhabited?  Correct. Population approximately three billion and seven Mister Sulu, match Enterprise speed with that of the asteroid Aye, sir. Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock and I will handle this.  Without me, Jim? You'd never find your way back.  Well, I think it would be wiser if  I'd like to go. I'm fine, Captain.  All right, Doctor. If that's what you want. You'd swear you were on the surface of a planet.  One fails to see the logic in making a ship look like a planet.  Wouldn't know this was a spaceship. Kirk to Enterprise.   Enterprise. Scott here.  Transported without incident. Kirk out.  No apparent opening.  You found no intelligent life forms, Mister Spock, but surely  The asteroid ship is over ten thousand years old, Doctor. Still Of a sort. Weapons, communication devices. Let me go to my You all right?  I think so.  I can't say I think much of your welcome.  She called this the world. These people don't know they're on a They've been in flight ten thousand years. Maybe they don't I am Captain Kirk of the starship Enterprise. This is my medical We've come in friendship.  Spock. (he wakes) Doctor McCoy. Bones. Bones?  The doctor must have received an excessively large electrical No, that's not it.  Nothing else could've caused this, Captain. At least nothing You're right, Spock. The shock was serious because of McCoy's May I ask precisely what is troubling the doctor?  I don't think he would've told you himself, but I think you Yes. I know of it, Captain.  Then you know that nothing can be done.  Bones, how is it?  I'm all right. Are you all right, Mister Spock?  Very well, Doctor. The Captain and I seem to have suffered no Oh, that Oracle really got to me. I must be especially Spock knows.  Well, we'd better get to the control room.  Are you in any condition to get up?  Don't worry. I can make it, Jim.  Captain, informing these people they're on a ship may be in No. The people of Yonada may be changed by the knowledge, but Logical, Captain.  And the three billion on Daran Five.  Also logical, Captain.  Gentlemen, I believe we have a visitor.  It tastes like an ancient herb derivative.  No, we're from outside your world.  Up there. Outside, up there, everywhere.  Why is it forbidden?  What is it, Bones?  There's something under the skin. (a red light goes out) He's For the world is hollow, and I have touched the sky.  He said it was forbidden to climb the mountains.  Yes, of course it is, because if you did you'd touch the sky and We don't know. He just suddenly screamed in pain and died.  Oh, no. I'm quite all right, thank you.  You seem to be the special favourite.  Indeed, Doctor. The young lady did show a marked preference for Well, now. Nobody can blame her for that, can they?  Personally, I find the lady's taste questionable, but she Thank you, Mister Spock. To our good friends of Yonada.  We are very interested in your world.  Good. Then you wouldn't mind if we looked around?  Perhaps not.  You are very kind.  Thank you. And thank you for taking care of Doctor McCoy.  Mister Spock.  No, thank you.  I'm curious. How did the Oracle punish the old man?  There is some way the Oracle knows what you say, isn't there?  It's all right. I suppose we had to learn the power of the Honesty is usually wise.  No, there isn't.  Oh, yes. Yes, I do.  We do.  But we're strangers to each other.  Yes.  Incredible as it may seem, these people have I wonder how many generations have lived out their lives and been How long will it take you to reach this new world?  If you only knew how I needed some kind of future, Natira.  Yes, very lonely.  There's something I need to tell you.  But there is.  I have an illness for which there is no cure. I have one year to Captain, the Oracle room.  The problem, to get in.  I believe that I can. (Kirks stops him as women walks past) The Fabrini? Didn't the Fabrini sun go nova and destroy its planets?  Yes. Towards the end, the Fabrini people lived underground, as Some of them must have been put aboard this ship and sent to The Oracle doesn't seem to know we're here. I Captain. If I remember correctly, the oracle's reprehensible I think you're right. Continue investigating. The clue to the Nothing here which would indicate this is anything but a planet. This plaque is a representation of a star and its solar system.  Eight planets, Captain. That is the number in the Fabrina solar Then there's no doubt these people are the descendants of the And no doubt they've been in flight on this asteroid ship for What are you going to do to my friends?  And the punishment is death?  They acted out of ignorance, Natira.  Please let them return to the ship.  For me? I've made my decision. I'm staying here, on Yonada. You're returning with us?  No, I'm not.  Bones, this isn't a planet. It's a space ship on a collision I'm on a kind of a collision course myself, Jim.  Doctor McCoy, I order you to return with us.  And I refuse.  Bones, if we can't correct the course of this ship, we'll have to I intend to stay on this ship, with these people, whatever Your decision is most illogical, Doctor.  Is it, Mister Spock? Is it really? Natira's asked me to stay, As her husband?  Yes. Is that too much to ask, Jim?  Kirk to Enterprise.   Scott here, Captain.  We're beaming over. Lock in on our signal.   Aye, Captain.  And transport Mister Spock and myself immediately.   But, Captain, what about Doctor McCoy?  He's staying, Scotty. Kirk out. I do.  Let it be done.  We're now of one mind.  One life.  Do the people know the contents of their book?  Has the reason that the people must leave here been revealed to Don't you long to know its secrets?  That is the problem, sir.  I believe it's time to move on.  Yes. Those are the orders.   Captain Kirk. Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   An urgent call from Doctor McCoy, sir.  Put him on.   Jim.  Yes, Bones.   We may be able to get these people back on course.  You've located the controls?  No, but I've seen the book that contains all If you can get to it, Spock   Can dig out the information.  Where is it?  Bones, are you all right?   Bones, answer me! Bones, what is it? Help him.  Spock, take care of McCoy.  We have freed him from the cruelty of your Oracle.  Bones. Bones. You said something about a book. Where is it?  The Oracle room.  Now listen to me. You must listen to what I have to say. Give me You must believe that what I'm about to tell you is the truth.  Yes, my world and your world of Yonada.  I understand. I understand, Natira. Ten thousand years ago, a sun No. It is the world of your ancestors, your creators. It no No, I'm not. Now listen to me! Hear me out. When your ancestors Yes.  No. You are living inside a hollow ball. Your ancestors created Because a flaw developed in the controls. And unless we correct Let us remove the instrument of obedience, the way we did for Do you think she understood me?  She evidently understood something. There are no guards to They spoke the truth.  Is she all right?  She will be. I'll stay here with her. The book is in the We do this for the survival of the people of Yonada.  We mean no desecration to the faith of Yonada. We must consult Temperature one hundred eleven degrees and rising.  McCoy, how do you open this thing?  Temperature one hundred fifteen degrees.  Press the three lower planets on the left-hand side One hundred twenty degrees.  Here. The plan must be in there. Is it indexed?  Yes, it is.  Hurry, Spock.  It refers to the altar. Apply pressure to the centre until it Let's get her out of the heat.  I've neutralised the heating elements.  We'll be all right here now, Jim.  The oracle can no longer punish us.  Yes.  Yes.  Active and functional. Not too different from There seems to be a weakness in one of the eight tubes.  Enough to turn it off course?  Yes. Let me check that engine. A very simple problem, easy to Then come.  Don't be afraid.  You intend to stay here, on Yonada?  Then I won't leave you.  Now more than ever, I wish to search through the universe to I believe we can attempt the course Good. Going back to marked headings.  Guidance control's taking over. I believe we can allow this ship Steadying on course marked in red.  (spotting shelves of discs) Captain. Intelligence files. Their Your haemoglobin count is back to normal, Doctor, which Thank you, Mister Spock, for bringing back the knowledge of the Doctor McCoy, the Fabrini descendants are scheduled to debark on Report, Mister Chekov.  Full scan. Results negative. Radiation level normal. Atmosphere Life readings, Doctor McCoy?  Nothing. They said they were being attacked by an unidentified Which we were unable to detect upon approach.  An entire human colony, a whole settlement. One hundred men,  Spock here, Captain.  Sensors have picked up a Klingon ship,  Deflectors on. Condition Red. Protect yourselves.  Total reply if attacked. So that's the Trouble aboard the Klingon ship. Evidence of  Captain, the enemy ship is drifting, totally disabled.  And we never fired upon her.  Maintain Red Alert.  We took no action against your ship, Kang.  There was a Federation colony on this planet. It was destroyed.  Yes, a test of a new Klingon weapon, leaving no traces. You received a distress call? We received a distress call.  Go to the devil.  Cossacks! Filthy Klingon murderers! You killed my brother Chekov! Stop the torture!  Jim, you can't hand over the Enterprise.  Help Chekov.  I'll beam you aboard the Enterprise. Once there, no tricks.  Captain, you can't. Don't let these animals have the ship.  Move aside. (he tends to Chekov)  Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Spock.   Here, Captain.  Mister Spock, we have guests. Adjust transporter to wide field. Understood, Captain. Transporter room.  Full security, Johnson, on the double.  Good work, Spock.  What happened?  Our landing party is intact, Doctor.  All others suspended in transit. Who are the guests, by the way? Klingons.  Well, they're right in here.  Johnson?  Captain, leave them where they are. Non-existence. That's so Bring them in.  I said no tricks after we reach the ship. You're a prisoner of Captain, we've not been able to get through to Starfleet Prepare to destruct.  You wouldn't be standing here if I had.  First group from the Klingon vessel, Captain.  Apparently you have a few things to learn about us. Detain them Secure from Red Alert. But maintain general quarters. Scan this sector for other ships. We know what happened. That distress call.  At the moment we received the distress signal from the colony on Lies. They want to start a war by Chekov may be right. The Klingons claim to have honoured the No proof that Klingons committed it.  What proof do we need? We know what a Klingon is.  Our log tapes will indicate our innocence in the present Unfortunately, there's no guarantee that they will be believed.  Report.  Still no contact with Starfleet Command, sir. Outside Keep trying. We've got a diplomatic tiger by the tail.   Transporter room to Bridge. Klingon ship is vacated, sir.  Very good, Scotty. Mister Sulu?  Forward phasers locked and ready to fire, sir.  Fire phasers.  Sensor sweeps reveal no other ships within range, Captain.  Lieutenant Uhura?  No contact with Starfleet as yet, sir.  Mister Sulu, change course to seventeen mark four, warp factor Warp factor three, sir.  (losing her temper) Captain! This doesn't make sense. Carriers Sulu?  Change in course. Accelerating. Helm dead. Auxiliary navigation Override.  Nothing responds, Captain.  Scotty, stop all engines.   I would if I could, sir.  The controls have gone crazy. Something's Scotty!   The engines, sir.  They've gone to warp nine, by themselves!  New course?  Nine oh two mark five.  That'll take us out of the galaxy.  Captain, reports coming in from the lower decks. Emergency Johnson. Get down to Security. Search every section. Some Phasers.  Out!  Sickbay.  Bridge.  The Klingons are free. They're armed as we  Three hundred and ninety two trapped below decks.  Deploy forces to protect your section and the auxiliary control  Check the armoury, and try and free The doors and bulkheads won't budge. We'll have to cut through.  Blow out the bulkheads if you have to. We No, sir. She's a projectile at warp nine.  Five-minute report. Kirk out.  Full sensor scan of the ship. Report on any Captain, neither the Klingon technology nor ours, is capable of Any other logical candidate?  None. However, if they had such power, would they not have used Mister Sulu. Get below. Take command of Engineering and auxiliary Aye, sir.  Captain. (he has a sword too)  Mister Chekov.  Captain! (gets up to go with Sulu)  Mister Chekov, as you were. Chekov!  Sir, let me go too. I've got a personal score to settle with This is no time for a vendetta. Maintain your post.  Captain!  Chekov, maintain your post!  Don't try to stop me, Captain. I saw what they left of Piotre, What's Chekov's grudge against the Klingons? Who's Piotre?  His only brother, killed in a Klingon raid.  His brother? He never had a brother. He's an only child.  Sulu, get down to Engineering.  Aye, sir.  Security, this is the captain. Find Mister Chekov and bring him Captain, why would, why would Chekov believe he has a brother?  I don't know, but he does. And now he wants revenge for a There. Those filthy butchers. There are rules, even in war. You  Kirk here.  Scott here, sir. There's no use trying to free those men down  What about the armoury?  I'm there now, sir, and you never saw such a fine collection of Get back to Engineering. Try to re-establish Aye, sir. (spots a special sword amongst the What the blazes is going on?  Scans indicate that our forces and those of the Klingons are Constant surveillance, Mister Spock.  Most curious, Captain. There appear to be more life-energy units Could more Klingons have beamed aboard?  I shall attempt a compensatory reading of Klingon units.  Any signs of those devils, Mister Sulu?  All clear, Mister Scott.  They've taken Engineering. I don't know how Aye.  No additional Klingons detected, Captain. It An alien life force. We must make contact, find out what it Readings being diverted to the library computer for analysis. Alien life force onboard is composed of pure energy. Type What purpose?  Insufficient data for further analysis.  A brother that never existed, a phantom colony, imaginary If the alien is creating these events, Captain, it is apparently And now it has control of the Enterprise and taking us out of the Captain, I am constrained to point out that since minds are We must talk to Kang, bury the hatchet.  An appropriate choice of terms. However, it is notoriously Truce? Are you serious? I've got men in Sickbay, some of them McCoy?  While you're talking, they're planning attacks. This is a fight We are attempting to end it, Doctor. By reason, preferably. Who cares what started it, Mister Spock. We're in it! Murderers. The alien is the real threat. That's the enemy we have to wipe Sickbay calling, Doctor. There are more wounded men requiring How many more men must die before you two begin to act like  Kirk here.  Kang, there's something important I must (dictating into PADD) The Enterprise is heading out of our Captain.  Get down to emergency manual control. Try to protect our Aye, Captain.  Sir. Chekov was right, Captain.  Scotty, I'm glad you've come.  We should have left those fuzz-faced goons in the transporter. Scotty?  Non-existence! Now they can study the Enterprise, add our Scotty, take it easy.  Easy, Mister Scott.  Keep your Vulcan hands off me. Just keep away! Your feelings May I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with Then transfer out, freak!  Gentlemen! (intervenes as they nearly come to blows.) Spock! Fascinating. The result of stress?  We've been under stress before. It's never set us at each other's But this is war.  There isn't any war! Or is there?  Have we forgotten how to defend ourselves?  Scotty. What's happening to us? We've been trained to think in Recent events would seem to be directed toward a magnification But what's the game? And whose? And what are the rules?  It is most urgent that we locate the alien entity immediately, Without sensors? All our power down? This thing could go Yes. Mister Sulu, report.   No good, Captain.  Circuits are in, but systems just aren't We're getting something.  Aye, Captain. Power and life-support  Good work.  But, Captain, I didn't do it. Everything just came on by itself. Sensors may be operating.  Start scanning. Let's find that alien.  Alien detected in the engineering section, Let's go.  You don't die yet. You're not human, but you're very beautiful. Chekov!  Jim, he's not responsible.  What have I done? (to Mara) There's an alien entity aboard the Chekov. Chekov. (picks him up) Is this what's in store for us, Brain waves show almost paranoid mania. What happened?  He lost control. So did I. We're becoming animal warriors. Let's Orderly. Jim. Johnson's heart wound is almost healed. Same with It would appear that the entity wants us alive.  Why? So we can fight, and fight, and keep coming back for more Perhaps human and Klingon psychologies and combat capabilities Gentlemen, if we are pawns, you're looking at one who is I understand, Doctor. I, too, felt a brief surge of racial Let's find the alien. (to Mara) You come with us. Maybe we can What is it?  Totally unfamiliar.  What do you want? What are you doing here?  Duty? Did McCoy release you from Sickbay?  Then get back to Sickbay!  I order you  Johnson!  Fascinating. During Lieutenant Johnson's emotional outburst, his It subsists on the emotions of others.  This one appears to be strengthened by mental irradiations of It exists on the hate of others.  To put it simply. And it has acted as a catalyst, creating this And kept numbers and resources balanced, so that it can maintain Then all hostile attitudes on board must be eliminated. The Or we're a doomed ship, travelling forever between galaxies,  Kang, do you read me?  Kang. (switches off intercom) He won't answer.  The alien is affecting his mind, Captain. Soon, it will become  Scotty, sir.  The ship's dilithium crystals are Time factor?   In twelve minutes, we'll be totally without engine power.  Well, do whatever you can. Kirk out.  And so we drift in space, with only hatred and bloodshed aboard. There's no change, Captain. The dilithium There's nothing we can do about it.  If I could talk to Kang, somehow cut through the Klingon lines, We have nine minutes, fifty three seconds to power zero.  Aye. Now that's something the Klingons would understand.  Kang! Kang, this is Captain Kirk.   I know you can hear me, so don't cut me She has five seconds to live. Reply.  He called my bluff.  The Federation doesn't kill or mistreat its prisoners. You've Eight minutes, forty two seconds.  It's the alien that's done this. We're in its power, our people We only wanted to stop the fighting to save us all.  There's another way to survive. Mutual trust and help.  How?  I wouldn't trust her, Captain.  We can't get through the Klingon defences in time, unless. Spock. It has rarely been done because of the danger involved. Pinpoint Even if it could work, she may be leading you into a trap.  We're all in a trap. This is the only way out.  We'll go with you.  No. That'd start the final battle. I believe her. Prepare the But she can't guarantee that Kang will stop to listen, right, No one can guarantee the actions of another.   Your automatic setting is laid in, When transporter is energised, you will have I hope your computations are correct, Mister  You'll know in seven point nine seconds, Captain.  Mara. Before you start killing, give me one minute.  Nobody wins. Have any more of your men died? We can't be killed. Look! Look, Kang. For the rest of our lives. A thousand All right. All right. In the heart. In the head. I won't stay Let's jump him.  Those who hate and fight must stop themselves, Doctor. Be a pawn, be a toy, be a good soldier that never questions All fighting must end, Captain, to weaken the alien before our Lieutenant Uhura.   Yes, Captain?  Put me on ship-wide intercom.   Aye, sir.  Kang.   Ready, Captain.  This is Captain Kirk. A truce is ordered. The fighting is over. The cessation of violence appears to have weakened it, Captain. Get off my ship. You're a dead duck here. You're powerless. We Yeah, out already.  That's right.  Who are the inhabitants of this planet?  I am. What's the problem?  Well, what happened to that leg?  I don't understand. This should have been attended to Well, we're certainly going to try. The infection is massive. In the arm.  I'll let you know when I have the results. And from now on, it Bones, I can't understand why a simple cut like that could become Neither do I, but it has. How do I knock out an infection when This psychokinetic power of yours, how long have you had it?  How is the power transmitted?  Do these waves cease while you are asleep?  What about medicine? Why no doctors?  Thirty five.  That's why you have no resistance?  Fascinating. I believe we're experiencing the psychokinetic Scott to Captain Kirk.  Kirk to Enterprise.  Captain, we're in the midst of a storm.   No discernible cause, and I've never Ten scale turbulence right now. Emergency  If this keeps up, Captain, we can't Engines at full speed. Get her out of orbit and into space.  I've tried that, sir. She's locked tight.  Then there's nothing you can do but batten Right, Captain.  Parmen's mind is not (something flies past Alexander. Stand behind me.  Hurry up with that shot!  Bones! Shake him. Break his concentration.  Kirk to Enterprise.   Scott on the Enterprise.  It's all right, Captain. The turbulence has Good. I think you'll find the orbit lock is  Aye, Captain.  No thanks is necessary.  Oh, thank you, we must return to the ship.  I think I'd better wait until the fever breaks.  Well, in that case, we'll stay.  Thank you, Alexander.  Tell me what?  Where is everyone?  Alexander, are there other Platonians like you?  Who don't have the psychokinetic ability.  How does one obtain the power?  Don't worry about it. We're happy without it.  Alexander, where I come from, size, shape, or colour makes no Captain, it will be very gratifying to leave here.  That might not be easy should Parmen die.  Even if he shouldn't.  Yes. This utopia of theirs is one of the best-kept secret in the Jim, my concoction actually worked. The fever's broken. And what Doctor McCoy, you may yet cure the common cold.  If ever there was a time to get out of here, it is now. Kirk to Scott here, sir.   Prepare to beam us up.  I'm afraid I can't do that, sir. Everything's frozen.  The turbulence hit you that hard?  It's not the turbulence, sir. Damage to the  What caused it?  I don't know, sir, and those are the facts.  Did you get up into space?   No, sir. The orbit's locked tighter than ever.  And subspace communication with Starfleet, All right, Scotty. I'll handle it down here. Your Excellency.  I would like to know why the ship's instrumentation and weaponry Parmen, I've talked to the engineer aboard the ship. We've showed Guests? You don't know the meaning of the word. Guests aren't Kirk to Enterprise. Acknowledge. Acknowledge. Obviously Parmen does not wish any contact made with the He may still need the ship's medical stores. Why prevent To shut out any knowledge of his brutal treatment of a Starfleet No, Mister Spock. One thing for certain. Parmen is not concerned Agreed, Captain. And Parmen wouldn't have treated you so Where are you going?  I don't know. I don't want to go, but I can't help myself.  Has the Enterprise been released yet?  Certainly. Has the Enterprise been released yet?  Then good day, and thank you for the presents.  I'm very sorry, but that's impossible.  The answer is no.  Doctor McCoy saved your life.  And you consider yourself a disciple of Plato?  Whose harmony? Yours? Plato wanted truth and beauty, and above And if his mind isn't strong enough, he gets torn apart like We don't use our weapons for the kind of brutality you practice.  Come on, Doctor. McCoy.  I can't move, Jim. They're going to keep me here no matter what. No. You're the doctor. They don't want to force you. They need We're not leaving until McCoy is released.  You won't persuade me.  I'm Tweedledee, he's Tweedledum.  Two spacemen marching to a drum.  +  We slith among the mimsey toves, and gyre among the You're not staying, McCoy. No matter what he tries to  Being your slave, what should I do but tend upon the hours and Stop it! Don't do this to him, Parmen!  McCoy. No matter what he makes me say or do, the answer's no.  No, Parmen! Stop it!  I have my orders.  Is this your utopia, your grand vision of the future? You don't And we've had too much of yours. I'll never get me to stay here. He's a Vulcan. You can't force emotion out of him.  You'll destroy him.  I beg you.  Spock. Spock. Don't let them break you. Hold on. Don't  Can you do anything for him?  There is no medicine that can help him. He'll have to come I trust they did not injure you too much, Captain.  My muscles are sore, that's all.  The humiliation must have been most difficult for you to bear. I The release of emotions, Mister Spock, is what keeps us healthy. That may be, Doctor. However, I have noted that the healthy Which just goes to prove that there's no such thing as a perfect So it would seem. Captain.  Yes, Spock.  Do you still feel anger toward Parmen?  Great anger.  And you, Doctor?  Yes, Spock. And hatred.  Then you must release it, gentlemen, as I must master mine. I Jim. This is senseless. I've thought it over. I'm staying.  You can't.  Parmen has promised me you'll be safe.  Promised? Parmen? He'd let us beam up to the Enterprise, and Why? Why trick me?  Because, if he killed us outright in front of you, you'd Put it down.  Put it down. Do what I say.  Give it to me!  In that case, what's the point in you dying too, Alexander? Give That's all right. It's all right, Alexander. Listen, we haven't All right. Did the Platonians always have this power?  Alexander, it is possible for you to recall how long after you And would you know how many months' supplies you brought with That's close enough, Alexander. Fascinating. Their power Then it is logical to assume that there is a connection between Then why wouldn't Alexander have the same power as the others?  Perhaps his system cannot absorb the crucial element.  Bones, I think it'd be a good idea if you took a reading of You won't even know it happened.  You still have a tricorder reading of Parmen's blood, don't you?  Of course. Parmen possesses the highest order of psychokinetic The probabilities are that Alexander was born with some I'll run both their blood samples through for a full comparative And if our theory works out, we've got a weapon.  The one significant difference between Parmen's blood and Kironide. It's a high-energy source. That could be it.  The pituitary hormones confirm the hypothesis. They also Yes. It's also obvious why Parmen kept this little utopia Exactly. McCoy, there must be a quick way of building up a It'll take some doing, but it is possible.  What are we waiting for?  What is it, Bones?  Even if the kironide reaches the desired effect, it still may Yes. There are thirty eight of them.  The point is well taken. However, the psychokinetic power is not I'm ready.  Let's not any waste time. Give us double the concentration in The time factor concerns me. It may take days or even weeks Yes. What about Alexander?  Since the kironide's broken down and injected directly into his Why not? You could conceivably take Parmen's place and run the Alexander.  Nurse. Lieutenant Uhura.  I guess we weren't sufficiently entertaining.  We were forced in the transporter and beamed down. It was like Spock, do you feel any effect of the kironide shot?  I have experienced a slight flush, Captain.  So did l. Let's try a simple test. Concentrate on raising this Not yet, Parmen. You have to convince the doctor first.  They'll never do it, Jim.  (singing) Take care, young ladies, and value your wine. Be We have tried.  I haven't the power. I'm deeply sorry. We've failed you.  (in Kirk's arms) I'm so frightened, Captain. I'm so very That's the way they want you to feel. It makes them think that I know it, but I wish I could stop trembling.  Try not to think of them. Try.  I'm thinking. I'm thinking of all the times on the Enterprise You're half dead, all of you! You've been dead for centuries. We Stop it, Parmen! Stop it! I'll do whatever you want me to do. (throwing down the whip.) I did.  Quite possible and logical.  Platonians, listen to me. The next one of you that tries any Do you want to be like him?  To us, killing is murder, even for revenge. But there will be I don't believe you.  That would be highly uncharacteristic. We must expect, Parmen, Just remember, we can recreate that power in a matter of hours, You're very good at making speeches, Parmen. Just make sure that  Kirk to Enterprise.  What do your sensors read?   They register something, sir, but I'm blessed if I can Specify.   I can't get a fix on it. Sensors don't pinpoint a location. You do that. Lieutenant Uhura, does the location of the distress  Exactly?  Yes, sir. I am still receiving visual contact. I can see them,  Check co-ordinates. Is it the same area?  Co-ordinates correspond, Captain.  Well, apart from the landing party, there's  The distress call is very strong, Captain. They are Check circuits for malfunctions. Kirk out.  It must be a malfunction. This is a barren world. There's hardly When we've run analysis, we should have some explanation. (waves My tricorder doesn't register it.  It registers in my ears. Nothing, Mister Spock?  Evidently a civilisation of high order, rating number seven on No sign of present life?  Instrument readings indicate life-form, but of a highly unusual Something was here. We saw them on the screen. Lieutenant Uhura Unknown at present, Captain.  Mister Spock, I want you to run a survey, a complete survey of Compton!  What happened?  I was looking at him. I was looking right at him, and he. And he Lieutenant Uhura, start a replay of the Aye, sir. Is Mister Spock still down there?  No, he's in Sickbay. Doctor McCoy is running a check on the Malfunction, sir.  Mister Sulu, I would like  Captain. It corrected itself.  Captain, there's some trouble on the hangar deck. The controls Have repair crews been assigned?  Yes, sir.  The tape is ready, sir.  Play it.  Freeze it.  It is logical to assume that this distress call was That would explain our continuing to receive it while our The fact remains, when we beamed down there we couldn't find It would seem that some force or agent only partially Mister Sulu, I want the ship on standby alert while we continue Sir, now I have readings that deflectors are inoperative. The Scotty, assist.  Mister Spock, ever since we beamed up from Scalos, we've had a  McCoy to Captain Kirk. Captain's presence for examination Can't it wait, Bones?   Your orders, Jim. You're the last one.  What do you read so far?   Can we discuss it here?  On my way. Mister Spock, you have the conn. What is it?  Tell the captain what you told me.  Anything missing?  Thank you.  Lie down, Jim.  That fits in with other disturbances. Bones, what did your All perfectly normal. Whatever happened to Compton down there Any of them report any unusual experience since beaming?  No. There's no mention of it.  I'm not finished yet.  Hold on. Bones, could something be making me hallucinate?  What do you mean?  I mean that twice before something touched me, and there was Physically, there's nothing wrong with you.  But am I hallucinating?  I'd say no.  Then we did beam something aboard. Something has invaded the  (bad static) Captain, I have a reading from Life Support Spock, I can't hear you. Check your circuits. Is there a  Captain, intercom system is breaking down rapidly.  Lieutenant, ship wide order. Use communicators instead of I have a reading from Life Support centre. Alien substances Meet me there on the double. Spock?  It is a force field, Captain, the nature of which I'm not Phasers on stun. Sweep the area.  It would seem, Captain, that they intend to allow only the two What is it?  Unknown, Captain. But it is evidently a device of alien origin.  Hooked into the life support. Designed to affect it.  Life support is still operating. I would say that the Disconnect it. (Spock gets a shock from it) Destroy it.  That was no force field. Something shoved me back. They're in It seems that we may look at it, Captain, but that is all.  A show of strength.  Yes. Evidently they are convinced that we can do nothing to stop Have your readings been fed into the Affirmative.  Read out.  Computer, analyse and reply. Have we been invaded?  Affirmative.  Nature and description of enemy forces.  Data insufficient.  Number of enemy forces.  Data insufficient.  Purpose of the invasion?  Immediate purpose, seizure and control of Federation Star Is there a connection between this and Compton's disappearance?  Data insufficient.  Are we at present capable of resisting?  Negative.  Your recommendation?  If incapable of resistance, negotiate for terms.  We will not negotiate. Do you concur?  Aye.  Mister Spock?  Your recommendations, Captain?  Yeoman, is that coffee available, or have those circuits been Spock?  Would you mind explaining (she kisses him) Who are you?  You're the enemy?  What have you done with my men?  Nothing? Mister Spock? Scotty. This is nothing?  Lieutenant. Sulu. This is nothing?  What have you done?  Why?  Deela. Is this why you sabotaged my ship?  You said we?  What about my ship? My crew?  (draws his phaser) This won't kill you, but the stun effect is If I agree to go with you, will you set this ship to rights? Take Captain. Captain Kirk! He's gone!  Lieutenant, did you see what happened?  Well, he was sitting there. He'd just drunk his coffee and set Mister Sulu, do you verify?  That's just what happened. He was there, then all of a sudden he Compton, did they accelerate you?  They hooked something into the life support system. They're in By whose order?  I'm your commander, Compton. I order you to let me in.  Who is? Deela? Is that who you're working for?  All right, Compton.  I'm getting a trace reading similar to that Yes.  Did anyone else?  I had some.  May I?  Was it the coffee? Are we going to go too, just like the I cannot give you that answer until these have been analysed.  By that time it'll be too late.  I suggest that we recall the captain's words, Make them take the What is that device doing on my ship?  Approve of it? We're your prisoners.  He was so young.  This is what you have planned for us?  Kirk to Spock, I have fed all the ascertainable facts into the Hyperacceleration is the key. I have counted only five of them Damaged, they age incredibly fast, as though accelerated living  Burns them out. Compton was burned out. The device attached to The unit has a protective shield which does not allow any Why are you doing this?  I really want to know.  What about the rest of my crew?  Not by killing others.  You invaded my ship. You threaten my crew.  There is a difference! Your trouble is in you.  Did they solve anything? Have you tried any other way? Deela, There's no question about it, Spock. I want you to take a look I panicked.  I'd like to leave before he activates the suspended animation It was working before. Try it again.  The technicians reported a loss of power. That must be it.  Yes, of course.  I believe in honest relationships myself. Nurse, programme the information and I've been hearing that whine ever since we beamed down to I know what it is. We brought it with us from Scalos. If you'll A room should reflect its occupant.  Well, if she's pretty enough, I'll look.  A bit.  But now.  Was I too crude?  Yes. I know.  Lieutenant, will you replay the Scalosian Aye, sir.  [on viewer] Compton!  [on viewer] What happened?  [on viewer] I was looking at him. I was looking right at him, [on viewer] There is an insect life.  [on viewer] My tricorder doesn't register it.  [on viewer] My ears register it.  [on viewer] This is a barren world. Limited vegetation, no McCoy to Spock.   Spock here.  I've found a tape in the computer down here, and when I try to  Bring it to the bridge at once, Doctor.  [on viewer] This device attached to the Lieutenant Uhura, notify the rest of the crew.  Aye, sir.  Can we use phasers to cut through that wall, bypass the force Mister Scott, we cannot cope with them on our level.  Can we find some way of coping with them on theirs?  That is a very logical suggestion. Stand by in the transporter No.  No.  Yes, I hope so.  I said I hoped I behaved correctly.  Why are we here?  Oh, yes. That was wrong of me.  But we are going to Scalos?  Oh, yes.  They'll be all right.  What's the matter?  Am I behaving incorrectly?  Those are undesirable qualities.  Finished.  Yes, it counteracts the substance most effectively.  Most effectively under laboratory conditions, but the question By drinking the Scalosian water. (and does so)  Spock, you don't know what that'll do to you.  It is somewhat stimulating. You seem to be moving very slowly, Just like Compton. I'm sorry.  We could put you in suspended animation until we determine what No, it doesn't. What do you want us to do with you?  If I sent you to Scalos, you'd undoubtedly play the same trick on Yes, I suppose it would.  If you will devote yourself exclusively to the concerns of And very brief.  Oh, no. I can think of nothing I'd rather do than stay with you. Energise.  Well, Mister Spock, what have you got?  Doctor McCoy and I have synthesised a possible counteragent to Let's test it. (drinks the contents of a small vial) Nothing's You do seem to be moving very slowly, Captain.  Mister Spock.  Captain Kirk, where the blazes did you come from?  Out of the nowhere into the here.  And Mister Spock, is he coming too?  Scotty. Somebody's repairing every console on the This panel is being recircuited at incredible speed.  I think we've located Mister Spock. Lieutenant, are your circuits Yes, sir.  Cancel Red Alert, Mister Sulu.  Aye, sir.  Open all channels. Captain to crew. Repairs are now being Mister Spock, my compliments to your repair work and yourself.  Thank you, Captain. I found it an accelerating experience.  Yes. No malfunctions anywhere? (sees the Scalosians on the I'm sorry, sir. I touched the tape button accidentally. I'll That's no malfunction.  No, sir.  Goodbye Deela.   A ghost planet?  I suggest no supernatural explanation, Captain. I merely point Let's take the facts one by one. That should explain something.  Undoubtedly. The age of this planet would seem to be only a few Its size is approximately that of Earth's moon.  But its mass and atmosphere are similar to Earth.  That would be difficult to explain.  It would be impossible, Captain. An atmosphere could not evolve And yet it has.  Evidently. But the inconsistencies are so compounded as to But a fascinating one, Mister Spock.  Precisely, Captain.  It would bear closer investigation, it would seem, if we're to Aye, aye, sir.  Feed beam down co-ordinates to the transporter room. Mister Sulu, Lieutenant Rahda, report to the bridge immediately. This expedition should be a geologist's Yes. If Mister Spock is correct, you'll have a report to startle Why? What is it, Jim?  A planet that even Spock can't explain. Prepare to transport. Jim, did you see what I saw?  That woman attacked Ensign Wyatt.  Mister Spock! Are you all right?  Yes. I believe no permanent damage was done.  What happened?  The occipital area of my head seems to have impacted with the No, Mister Spock. I meant what happened to us?  That we have yet to ascertain.  What kind of earthquakes do they have in this I don't know. Any more like that and they'll tear this planet Could seismic stress have accounted for it?  That's very strange. And that woman. Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to It's gone! The Enterprise, it's gone!  How could it be gone? What the devil does that mean, Jim?  For one thing it means we're stranded.  The Enterprise must have blown up. That would explain the high Shall we stop guessing, Mister Sulu, and try and establish a Could it be the Enterprise hit the planet?  Once in Siberia there was a meteor so great that it flattened Mister Sulu, if I'd wanted a Russian history lesson, I'd have Aye, sir.  Mister Sulu.  Engineering, no damage. All power levels Damage control report. Ship functioning normally. Many bumps and Dead? Spock to Sickbay.  Report on the death of the transporter officer.  Give me a full report as soon as possible, Aye, sir.  The stars.  Wrong?  A positional change.  Nine hundred and ninety point seven light years to be exact, But that's not possible. Nothing can do that.  Mister Scott, since we are here, your statement is not only The point is, it shouldn't have hurled us anywhere. Why, it That is correct, Mister Scott, by all the laws that we know. What you're saying is that the planet didn't blow up, and the Please, Mister Scott, restrain your leaps of illogic. I have Spock here.  Explain.  Would any known disease organism do that?  Please keep me fully advised. Spock out. He Aye, sir. But even at that it'll take a while to get there.  In that case, Mister Scott, I suggest we start at once. Can you Aye, sir. And maybe a wee bit more. I'll sit on the warp engines That position, Mister Scott, would not only be unavailing but Good. Then prepare to come to warp eight. Your report covers all vegetation?  Yes, Captain. All vegetation is inedible. Poison to us.  If the Enterprise has been destroyed, you know how long we can Yes. I don't see any water, but there must be some to grow the But there is earth-type vegetation.  Is it possible the vegetation could absorb the water directly Yes, that's possible. There's also the possibility of underground Sulu's picked up an organism that's almost a virus, like a a This apparently is going to be our home for as long as we last. I Sulu, run an atmospheric analysis.  Aye, sir.  Bones, see if you can find out anything about the vegetation and Sulu to Captain.  Kirk here.  Captain, I was making a standard magnetic sweep. From zero, I Kirk out.  McCoy to Kirk.  Kirk here.  Jim, I just got a life form reading of tremendous intensity. What do you mean just there?  Just that. All levels were normal, then I get this biological As though a door opened and closed.  Yes.  What direction?  Zero eight three.  Hang on. D'Amato's section. Come in. Kirk to D'Amato. Come in. I'll be right there.  Bones!  Jim, every cell in his body's been disrupted.  Jim, what are you doing?  Digging a grave.  Poor D'Amato. What a terrible way to die.  There are no good ways, Sulu.  That's the same red rock.  My phaser didn't cut through it.  Whatever it is, it has a mighty high melting point.  Eight thousand degrees centigrade. It looks like igneous rock, This whole planet must be made up of this substance, covered Mister Sulu, it might explain this place a little better if we Yes, sir.  Well, I guess a tomb of rocks is the best we can provide for Yeah. It might be the most suitable memorial at that.  I wonder what killed him.  I don't know, but something or someone did. Eleven point three three seven hours, Lieutenant. I wish you Scott to Bridge. Scott to Bridge.  Spock here.  Mister Spock, the ship feels wrong.  Feels, Mister Scott?  I know it doesn't make sense.  It's something I can't quite put into That is obvious, Mister Scott. I suggest you avoid emotionalism  Spock out. It looks so lonely there.  It would be worse if he had company.  Doctor, how can you joke about it?  I'm not joking. Until we know what killed him, none of us are We've got to figure this out and devise a defence against it. Is You remember on Janus Six, the silicon creatures  But our instruments recorded that. They were life forms. They Unless we're dealing with beings, intelligent beings who can Beings intelligent enough to have destroyed the Enterprise?  That's the problem, Sulu. We have only questions. No answers. Watkins, check the bypass valve on the matter/antimatter I didn't ask you to check the board, lad.  Oh, you poor lad. Scott to bridge. Scott to bridge.  Spock here.   My assistant, Watkins, is dead.  Do you know what he died of, Mister Scott?  I didn't see it happen, but his last words were a warning cry Security alert, all decks. Female intruder, extremely dangerous. Conclusions.  The basic substance of this planet is an alloy of Captain, it doesn't make sense. In fact, nothing about this Except for a momentary fluctuation on your instruments, this Are you suggesting this might be an artificial planet?  But Captain, where are the people who made it? Why can't we see The planet might be hollow. They might be shielding themselves While it lasts.  I'll take the first watch, sir.  All right. Take D'Amato's tricorder. Set it for automatic Aye, sir.  Spock to Sickbay. Have you completed the Was the cause of his death the same as that which killed the My guess, Doctor, would be valueless. I  Spock out. The power of this intruder to disrupt every You mean that one of the people who threw us a thousand light A reasonable assumption, Mister Scott.  Then you're right, Mister Spock. Watkins must've been murdered. If there are more of those beings on that planet, the captain Who are you?  How do you know this? Where did you get this information? Are you Then the planet is hollow. Who killed Lieutenant D'Amato? All What do you want?  You were on the Enterprise. Keep back! Stop or I'll shoot! I Captain Kirk! Captain Kirk!  Hold it! Who are you?  Don't let her touch you, Captain! That's how D'Amato died. How can you destroy others and not me?  Who are you? Why are you trying to kill us?  Are there men on this planet?  No!  Bones, did you see that? Maybe Spock was wrong. Perhaps this is a Well, all I know is she almost made a ghost out of Sulu. His How can such people be, Captain? Such evil and she's so, so Yes, I know. Security sweeps of all decks are negative, Very well. Cancel Red Alert but maintain increased security.  Aye, sir. All decks, cancel Red Alert. Maintain increased Please update our subspace report to Starfleet to include How did she get off the ship, sir?  Presumably the same way she got on.  Yes, sir. Mister Spock what are the chances of the captain and Lieutenant, we are not engaged in gambling. We are proceeding in Yes, Mister Spock.  Bridge to Engineering.   Scotty here. I see it.  It's a power surge. I'm working on it. Very well. Reduce speed to warp seven.  Bridge to Engineering. Negative effect on power reduction. Speed Aye, Mister Spock, and I found out why. The  It's completely useless. The engines I would calculate fourteen point eight seven Those few seconds will not make any  This thing is going to blow up  And there's nothing in the universe can stop There's a layer of necrotic tissue a few She just touched me. How could it happen so fast?  That's a good question. She touched the transporter chief. He Captain, I'm happy the way it turned out.  Jim, what kind of power must she have?  The power to totally disrupt biological cell structure. Sulu's Yes. Why didn't she kill you?  She's not through yet. It's useless. And there's no question it's deliberate.  Sabotage.  Aye, and a thorough job. The system's foolproof. Whoever You said it was fused. How?  That's what worries me.  Worries, Mister Scott?  Well, it's fused, all right, but it would take all the power of Interesting.  I find nothing interesting in the fact that we're about to blow No, but the method is fascinating.  Whatever did this is still aboard this ship. I fail to A force that could hurl us nine hundred and ninety point seven Aye.  As I recall the pattern of our fuel flow, there is an access There's a service crawlway, but it's not meant to be used while Still, it is there, and it might be possible to shut off the What with? Bare hands?  A magnetic probe.  Any matter that comes in contact with antimatter triggers the I shall try.  You'll be killed, man!  Unless a solution is found quickly, that fate awaits all of us.  Aye. You're right. What have we got to lose? But I'll do it, Very well, Mister Scott. You spoke of the feel of the ship being Aye. It was an emotional statement. I don't expect you to I note it, Mister Scott, without necessarily understanding it. I Mister Spock, we don't have time for that.  We have twelve minutes and twenty seven seconds. I suggest you Lieutenant Sulu, do you feel strong enough to I feel fine, Captain.  Is he, Bones?  He's in fair shape.  All right. Whatever destructive power this woman has seems to be But Captain, how does she know about us? Does she read our minds? Controls are fused. Drop!  Apparently she can destroy our weapons as well as destroy us. All right, lads. Get the crawlway door open. Scott to Bridge.   Go ahead, Mister Scott.  I've sealed off the aft end of the service crawlway, and I've Mister Scott, I suggest you refrain from any I heard that. The ship's not structured to take that speed for You now have ten minutes and ten seconds.  All right, Mister Spock. I'm starting to  Access to the flow itself.  If the magnetic flow jumps, you must  Will not hold more than two seconds if I'm aware of these facts. Please get on with the job. Computer.  Working.  Analysis on my comparison co-ordinates.  Unable to comply. Comparison co-ordinates too complex for I've removed the access plate, and I've got Lieutenant Uhura, you are monitoring the Oh yes, sir.  Please do not take your eyes off of it. Lieutenant Rahda, arm Not until my order.  Mister Scott, what is your situation?  It's hard to see. There's so much You have eight minutes, forty one seconds.  I know what time it is. I don't need a Captain, I'm getting that strange magnetic Yes. Like a door opening.  Who have you come for this time?  Keep behind us, Jim.  Why do you want to kill us?  Then why do you want to kill me?  We're here on a peaceful mission. It's you who have killed our Captain, I'm getting no life form register.  An android?  That would give a mechanical reading. I'm getting nothing.  Who are you?  Commander of what?  Station? Station? Where? How do you feel about killing me?  Stay between us.  You want to kill me?  Then why do it if you don't want to?  By whom?  Are there others on this planet?  How long have you been alone? Are you lonely?  She must be somewhere.  She's not registering.  And there's this power surge, right off the scale. Like a door Is the power level still holding, Jim?  Right off the scale. It's remained at a peak ever since she You think we're being invited in?  It certainly looks like it. And the invitation doesn't exactly I'd rather be on the Enterprise, sir.  I agree.  We've been led here. Why?  I don't know. But whatever civilisation exists on this planet is Computer read-out.  Comparison analysis complete.  Continue.  Transporter factor M7 reassembled outphase point zero zero Understood.   Mister Spock.  Spock here.  I'm going to try to cut through the magnetic Magnetic force indicator jumping, Mister Spock.  Mister Scott, ease off.  Magnetic force has dropped to normal, sir.  Computer, for outphase condition, will reverse field achieve Affirmative, if M7 factor maintained.  Mister Scott   Reverse polarity on your magnetic Reverse polarity?   That is correct, Mister Scott.  That'll take some doing. What purpose could it  Please commence. I'll explain.   You were correct in your feel. The I have no time for theory. I just hope you're right.  I'm doing the best I can! Wait! It's stuck! It's stuck! Push the Please continue, Mister Scott.  Don't be a fool! Push the button! It's your Please continue.  It's loose! But there's no time. Push the Magnetic forces steady.  Mister Scott, you have accomplished your task.  You might at least say thank you.  For what purpose, Mister Scott?   What is it in you humans  Never mind.   That requires an overwhelming display of emotion in a Feel that something else is necessary. Who have you come for? Form a circle. You see? You'd better tell Gentlemen, I need your help.  We've seen the results of your touch.  That is how you kill. You'll never reach me.  Watch out!  That computer must be programming these replicas.  The women match our chromosome patterns after they touch us.  It's a very painful affair. I can tell you.  Shift positions.  Captain, we can no longer protect each other.  Spock, the computer! Destroy it!  Mister Spock, I certainly am glad to see you. I thought you and I had the same misgivings about you. We returned and picked up Returned from where?  From where this brain had the power to send the Enterprise. Nine Was, Mister Spock. Its defences were run by computer.  I surmised that, Captain. Its moves were immensely logical. But There were replicas of one of them. But that power to recreate That is a loss, Captain.  Well, you wouldn't have thought so, Mister Spock, if you'd been The previous ships probably spread the disease all through their To do the job of defence, the computer projected a replica of The computer was too perfect. It projected so much of Losira's And beautiful.  Beauty is transitory, Doctor. However, she was evidently highly Kirk to Enterprise. Five to beam up. I don't agree with you, Indeed, Captain?  Beauty survives.   Mister Chekov, our estimated time of arrival At present speed, our eta is three hours, four minutes, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura, advise the planet's ministry of health that Aye, aye, sir.  Scotty, will that present any problems for you?  None, sir. All tanks are being positioned.  Captain, sensors indicate a space vehicle of some sort ahead.  Is it within visual range?  Coming into range now, sir. It's following a very erratic course. Put it on the screen, extreme magnification.  I think that may be a Starfleet shuttlecraft.  That is exactly what it is, Mister Chekov.  It looks like the one reported stolen from Starbase Four two Lieutenant Uhura, try to contact them on command frequency two.  Aye, Captain. No response, sir.  Try all frequencies.  Aye, sir. Hailing on all frequencies.  Captain, there is one living creature aboard. Humanoid. He is Lieutenant Sulu, activate tractor beams.  Tractor beams activated. We have it, sir.  Prepare to bring it aboard the hangar deck.  Aye, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura, send a security team to the pressure doors on Aye, sir.  Mister Spock, come with me. Scotty.   Hangar doors open and clearing for entrance of shuttlecraft.  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Hangar doors closed, and hangar deck is pressurising.  Acknowledged.  (to security men) We'll enter as soon as the You are certain, Doctor, that this pigmentation is the natural That's what I've recorded, Mister Spock.  Do we have any knowledge of a planet that could have produced Negative, Captain.  Bones, what do you make of it?  Well, I can't give you any specific circumstance that will And judging by looking at him, we know at the very least he is There is no theory, Captain, from the basic work of Mendel to Yes, I would agree. That's the case here.  Your prognosis, Doctor?  Well, I can't give you one, Jim. I've never worked on anyone Yet you are pumping him full of your noxious potions as if he When in doubt, the book prevails, Mister Spock. I've run tests. With your permission, Captain, I shall do some further research Well, touch and go there for a minute, but you're out of danger You're aboard the starship Enterprise.  Federation. So was the shuttlecraft that you were flying in.  Don't you usually know whose property you've stolen?  Well, certainly no ordinary thief, considering what it is you Well, I do know you made off with a ship that didn't belong to You can try those technical evasions on Starfleet Command. That's Don't mention it. We're pleased to have caught you. Who are you?  Go on.  That's in the southernmost part of the galaxy, in an uncharted Had what? What were you going to do?  Well, however we view him, Captain, he's certainly no ordinary We've never encountered a being like you. I'd like to know more And very evasive. Or at least not fully responsive. Now, then,  Lieutenant Uhura.   Lieutenant Uhura here.  Notify Starbase Four that we've recovered its shuttlecraft, and  Aye, sir.  Bones, if you're satisfied that the mutation theory is Unless we get more information from him, it'll have to serve.  Kirk here.   Captain, contact with alien ship, sir.  I'll be right there. Notify Mister Spock. Put the ship on the viewing screen, Mister I verify, sir, it's out there.  Maximum magnification. I draw a blank, Mister Spock. Your Negative, Captain.  No malfunction, sir. The reading persists.  What is it?  There is a vessel out there, Captain.  Could it be a Romulan ship using their cloaking device?  Negative. This would not be a Romulan vessel. It is totally Captain, I've tried all hailing frequencies. Negative, sir.  Weaponry on the vessel, Spock?  Nothing identifiable. The craft appears to be built for speed Something out there can't be seen. Explanation?  None. Completely elusive. In fact, it's invisible.  Invisible. Malfunction?  There is no sensor failure. The readings persist.  It's headed straight for us!  Evasive action.  It shifts with us, sir. And we're pushing to the limit!  Deflector shields activated, Mister Sulu.  Automatic, sir.  We're on collision course.  It's out of control or a suicide mission.  Sound warning for collision. Red Alert.  Brace yourself for collision. Brace yourself.  Read out, Mister Spock.  It just disintegrated. Fascinating.  What is it now?  It is gone now, Captain, but it seems to have deposited an alien Where?  Explain, Spock. One of a kind?  Of the planet Cheron, no doubt.  Your mode of travel was also unorthodox. Secure from Red Alert. A most unique craft. Pity it couldn't be salvaged for our study. What brings you to us?  All personnel aboard this vessel are subject to my command. No What is your authorisation? From what source?  He's in Sickbay. Remember, since you're aboard the Enterprise, Mister Spock. I told you where you were going. I allowed your fellow countryman It's now very clear you know each other extremely well, I'll tell you once more. For you, this ship is a prison.  Commissioner, Cheron is not a member of the Federation. No How do you mean?  I cannot take sides.  Impossible. I have a mission to accomplish. There's a planet to Commissioner, as a visiting dignitary from a far planet, I offer Yes, I am. I think we can consider your problem settled. At least And I suggest you get a great deal of rest, especially your vocal  Chekov to Captain Kirk. Chekov to Captain Kirk. Urgent.  Kirk here.   Captain, we're off course.  Well, get back on course.   That's just it, sir. The ship's taken a new heading all by I'll be right there. Have you located the malfunction?  No, sir. The ship is unresponsive. We're moving away from Explanation, Mister Spock?  Elusive, Captain. I am investigating.  I can't understand it. I simply have no control.  Kirk to engineering.   Scott here.  Scotty, we're suddenly off course. Check our manoeuvering Aye, sir. Hold. Captain, no malfunction  Switch to auxiliary.  Aye, sir. Out. (presses a lot of buttons.) Engineer to bridge.  Kirk here.   On auxiliary, sir.  Stand by for check. Scotty, we're still off course.   I'll be right up.  Speed, Mister Chekov.  We're moving at warp eight.  And new course?  four oh three mark seven. Straight for the Coal Sack if there Lieutenant Uhura, put the ship on Red Alert. All hands, this is  Repeat, the ship is on Red Alert. There  Repeat, the ship is off course and out Our new heading, Mister Chekov?  Four oh three mark seven.  Spock?  Confirmed, Captain. Holding pattern. Co-ordinates now indicate Captain, we are now at warp ten and the speed is increasing!  Captain, course is now clearly straight for Cheron, despite all You're two of a kind.  Security, put them both in the brig.  Phasers on stun. Fire. (no effect)  This ship is going to Ariannus.  We are going to Ariannus. The lives of a billion people make no Bele, I am captain of this ship, and it will follow whatever I will destroy it.  Lieutenant Uhura, tie in the bridge to the master computer.  Aye, sir.  Computer, destruct sequence. Are you ready to copy?  Working.  Prepare to verify destruct sequence code one. Computer, this is Voice and code one, one A verified and correct. Sequence one Mister Spock.  This is Commander Spock, science officer. Destruct sequence Voice and code verified and correct. Sequence two complete.  Mister Scott.  This is Lieutenant Commander Scott, chief engineering officer of Voice and code one B, two B, three verified and correct. Mister Spock, has the ship returned to the course set for it by Negative, Captain. We are still headed directly for Cheron.  Destruct sequence engaged. Awaiting final code for thirty Computer, this is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Begin Thirty seconds. twenty nine, twenty eight, twenty seven, Let's see you prevent the computer from fulfilling my commands.  Twenty seconds,  From five to zero, no command in the universe can prevent the Fifteen seconds,  You can use your will to drag this ship to Cheron. But I command Ten, nine, eight, seven, six,  Computer. This is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Code Destruct order aborted. Destruct order aborted.  Mister Spock, is this ship headed for Ariannus?  Negative, Captain. The Enterprise is now moving in a circular And at warp ten, we're going now here mighty fast.  We're waiting for you to fulfil your commitment, Commissioner.  I make no deals for control of this ship, sir.  Ship's course?  Enterprise is now on course to Ariannus, Captain.  Speed, Scotty?  Warp six and smoothly operating, sir.  Good. Lieutenant Uhura, cancel Red Alert.  Aye, sir.  Let me reaffirm my position, gentlemen. I could put you in the We try, sir.  Fascinating. Two irrevocably hostile humanoids.  Disgusting is what I call them.  That description is not scientifically accurate.  Mister Spock, the word disgusting describes exactly what I feel That's enough for today. Those two are beginning to affect you.  No one knows how he'll react under pressure, Lokai.  After all, we are only human.  There was persecution on Earth once. I remember reading about Yes, but it happened way back in the twentieth century. There's I expect the answer is already on its way.  Let's do that.  Commissioner, Starfleet Command may not arrive at the solution We do not know that Lokai has done that.  No, Commissioner. The one thing we're agreed upon is that Lokai Excuse me.   Uhura to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   I have a communication from Starfleet Command, sir.  Yes, read it.  Starfleet Command extends greetings to  It is with great regret that we cannot That's enough. Thank you.  Now, wait a minute, Commissioner,  I can assure you, Commissioner, that our minds will not be The obvious visual evidence, Commissioner, is that he is of the You're black on one side and white on the other.  I fail to see the significant difference.  Commissioner, perhaps the experience of my own planet Vulcan may Let Lokai state his grievances. Hear him, listen to him. Maybe he Change is the essential process of all existence. For instance, There must have been a time, long ago no doubt, when that was Excuse me. Kirk here.   We're orbiting Ariannus, sir.  Very good. Commence decontamination procedures when ready. Advise  At once, sir. Scott out.  The actual theory is that all life-forms evolved from the lower Ready for decontamination procedure.  Ready, sir.  Ready here.  Ready, Mister Scott.  Mister Sulu, lock into co-ordinates requested by Ariannus.  Locked in, sir.  Mister Chekov, position tanks for spray release.  Tanks positioned.  Lieutenant Uhura, advise Ariannus the mission is to begin on Ariannus says go ahead.  Well, let 'er rip.  Scott to Captain Kirk.   Kirk here.  First run complete, sir.  Good. Repeat procedure for maximum effect.  Aye, sir. Ready to repeat decontamination Ready, sir.  Mister Sulu?  Ready here.   Kirk here.  We're completing the final orbit of Ariannus, sir. I'm awaiting Very good. We'll be right up.  Set directional controls for Starbase Four. Trouble, Mister Chekov?  I don't rightly know, Mister Spock. I was trying to programme It just seemed to go dead, sir.  Captain, some of the memory banks of the computer are burned Can you determine which ones?  At the moment, I seem to have no choice.  We are not killers.  After so many years of leading the fight, you seem very much I doubt that the same can be said for many of his followers.  Bele, you keep this up, and you'll never get to Cheron with your And you, Lokai, will die here in space. You'll inspire no more You've made your point.  I understand. Will you return the Enterprise to my control?  Scotty, have repairs on directional control been completed?  Aye, sir. Re-routed.  Check controls and co-ordinates.  Controls operating. The Enterprise is responding as always. Locking onto co-ordinates.  Captain, we are within scanning range of Cheron.  Is it within visual range?  Coming within visual range now, Captain.  Chekov, put it on the screen. Extreme magnification. What are you Several large cities, uninhabited. Extensive traffic systems, You mean, all the people are dead?  All dead, Captain. They have annihilated each other totally.  Yes, Commissioner, all of them.  None at all, sir.  Stop it! What's the matter with you two? Didn't you hear Spock? Bele. The chase is finished.  Where can he go?  Bele.  Shall I alert security, sir?  No, Lieutenant. Where can they run?  Captain, I have located them on ship's sensors. Bele is chasing Captain, someone has activated the transporter mechanism.  Spock, anyone in the transporter room?  Negative, Captain. Transporter room is clear. However, there is There's nobody there to try him. His judges are all dead.  Captain, the transporter mechanism has been activated again.  Of course.  It is Bele, Captain. And another life-form has appeared on It doesn't make any sense.  To expect sense from two mentalities of such extreme viewpoints But their planet's dead. Does it matter now which one's right?  Not to Lokai and Bele. All that matters to them is their hate.  Do you suppose that's all they ever had, sir?  No, but that's all they have left. Warp factor two, Mister Sulu. Donald, good to see you.  Governor.  We'd be delighted.  Governor, you indicated one additional inmate since our last Why, Donald, are you becoming a pessimist?  A total of fifteen incurably insane out of billions is not what When I was a cadet at the Academy, his exploits were required She sounds rational enough, Captain.  What is it you want to tell me?  You're afraid to talk in front of Governor Cory?  Cory?  Garth, do you have to make him suffer like that?  I'm sorry. I should've said Captain Garth.  I'm sorry, Lord Garth.  Release him.  Are you so afraid of him that you must keep him pinned?  Thank you. Now what have you done with the medicine?  Destroyed it? It was your only hope.  Of course.  The crew of the Enterprise will also mutiny.  Governor Cory, how do you feel?  How does he manage to change form at will?  He was such a genius. What a waste.  Force field is on. Good. Remain here out of sight until I give Scott here, sir.  [on viewscreen] Beam me aboard.  Aye, sir. Queen to queen's level three.  [on viewscreen] I said beam me aboard.  I said, queen to queen's level three.  [on viewscreen] We have no time for chess problems. Beam me I'm following your orders, Captain. Queen to queen's level [on viewscreen] Just testing. Be in touch with you later.  (throws a tantrum) No! No! No! (ends up I gave him the sign. Why didn't he give me Something's wrong.  Using the chess problem was the Captain's own suggestion. He Aye, sir. There's no response, Mister Scott.  Send an armed detail to the transporter room immediately.  Aye, aye, sir.  Mister Sulu, what do your sensors show?  We can't beam anybody down, sir. The force field on the planet is We could blast our way through the field, but only at the risk How can we be powerful enough to wipe out a planet and still be Thank you for your concern. All in all, it's been rather restful. I'd forgotten.  Where is Mister Spock?  How are you, Mister Spock?  Very well indeed, thank you, Captain.  Isn't Governor Cory joining us?  An oversight?  In that case, we must decline with thanks.  You're very persuasive.  Not really.  (muttering) If you could create a diversion, I might be able to All we need is a few seconds, if Scotty has alerted the security Yes, er, incredible.  I find it mildly interesting and somewhat nostalgic, if I Yes. It is somewhat reminiscent of the dances that Vulcan Oh, er, thank you. That's, er, very magnanimous of you.  On what, precisely, is our friendship to be based?  That's very flattering. I am primarily an explorer now, Captain And tried to destroy Antos Four.  Why?  Yes, you could say, but that would be untrue.  How could you, a Starship fleet Captain, believe that a I agree there was a time when war was necessary, and you were our Very well. But my first visit to Axanar was as a new fledged They were humanitarians and statesmen, and they had a dream. A Captain Kirk speaks somewhat figuratively and with undue Please forgive me, but exactly where is your fleet?  Captain Garth  As you wish. At any rate, you must be aware of the fact that you On the contrary. You were treated with justice, and with No thank you. I prefer to join Mister Spock.  Occasionally.  I'm sure you're aware that there are an infinite number of I can't for the life of me imagine which one.  Dead I am of no use to you.  Yes, I think it's very good.  I can't.  Yes, I recognise it. It's used for rehabilitation purposes.  Stop it!  No.  No breakthrough?  No, Mister Scott. Still no response from the planet.  Sensor readings?  The force field is weakest on the far side of the planet. We can It won't work, Scotty. They'd have to cover thousands of miles Aye, you're right. Even if they made it, they couldn't carry Probably kill Jim and Spock.  Is this more of Garth's persuasion, Marta?  I believe you mean that.  Marta. Marta, I can help you, but I must get to the Enterprise to Yes, it is. It is if I can get to the control room and remove the He will lead you to destruction. He's already destroyed the Spock?  How did you manage that?  She seems to have worked out an infallible method for assuring I'm very glad to see you.  Thank you, Captain. (draws a phaser) We're now armed. I presume Yes, you presume correctly.  Force field is now off, Captain.  Kirk to Enterprise.   Kirk to Enterprise.  Mister Scott, it's the captain.  Scott here, Captain.   You had us worried.  Mister Scott, I want a fully armed security detail beamed down They're already in the transporter room, And have Doctor McCoy prepare additional  Aye, aye, sir.  Captain, I suggest you return to the ship at once. Your safety  Waiting for your order, Captain.  I also request permission to remain here in charge of the Very well, Spock.   Still waiting, Captain.  Mister Scott, the Captain's life is in immediate danger. Beam  Queen to queen's level three. Repeat. Queen to queen's He's waiting for the proper reply, Captain.   Give the countersign as ordered.  Scotty, Mister Spock will give the countersign.  Give him the countersign, Captain.   Security detail, standby to beam down.  What have you done with Spock? Where is he?  Captain Garth  No, sir. Captain Garth, Starship fleet Captain. That's an Yes, you were. Yes. But you're a sick man now, sir.  No. No, think. Think back to what you were before the accident No, I, I can remember. You were the finest student at the And you bore it well. And the disease that changed you, it's not No, I'm not. I want you to find what you once had. I want you to No, sir, listen to me. I  No.  Coronation?  Yes, I agree. You'll wear a crown too, I presume?  Garth, you have only a handful of men.  No, I wouldn't enjoy that at all. Besides, you seem to need me Listen to me. This may be our last chance. There's been an explosion on Elba Two!  Point nine five!  It must've wiped out everything.  Immediate probe. Is the force field in place, Mister Sulu?  Yes, sir. Solidly.  (at Spock's station) Life continues to exist on the planet.  Got to break through it somehow.  Doctor, I told you we couldn't do it without killing everyone in I know it, Scotty.  Well, there's one last thing we might try. Perhaps the ship's On the far side of the planet, Mister Scott.  Will it leave a margin of safety for the people below?  Yes, sir.  Prepare to change orbital path, Mister Sulu.  Orbital co-ordinates released, sir.  Break synchronous orbit. Come to course one four mark six eight. Course one four mark six eight. Synchronous orbit re-established, Ship's phasers to narrow beam.  Ship's phasers ready, sir.  Let's punch a hole in it. Full power. Another blast, full Force field still holding, sir.  All I can say, Garth, if it happens to me, it happens to you.  1 (to Spock's left) That's Garth, stun him.  2 (to Spock's right) Hold it, Spock. That's Garth.  1 Look at me carefully, Spock. Can't you tell I'm your Captain?  Queen to queen's level three.  2 I won't answer that. That's exactly what he wants to know.  1 Very clever, Garth. That's exactly what I was going to say.  2 What are you doing?  Arranging to beam down a security team. Are there any 1 Yes. They may walk into a trap.  2 That's right. Garth can destroy us.  Fascinating. What maneuver did we use to defeat the Romulan 1 Very good, Spock. The Cochrane deceleration.  2 Spock, you know the Cochrane deceleration's a classic battle Agreed, Captain. Captains. Gentlemen, whichever one of you is (with chair) I'm your Captain, Spock! Can't you tell? Shoot! (on floor) He's right, Spock. You must shoot, but shoot both of Captain Kirk, I presume.  Mister Spock.  Spock to Enterprise.  Enterprise here. Queen to queen's level three.  Queen to king's level one. Intravenous is indicated unless circumstances make it Reversal of arterial and brain damage should begin almost Captain Garth, I'm James Kirk.  I am Mister Spock, science officer on a Starship.  The starship Enterprise.  Yes, sir, the Enterprise. I'm the captain. (Kirk and Garth shake No, Captain. No.  Mister Spock.  Yes, Captain.  Tell me something. Why was it so impossible to tell the It was not impossible, Captain. Our presence here is proof of Yes, and congratulations. What took you so long?  The interval of uncertainty was actually fairly brief, Captain. I see. Mister Spock. Letting yourself be hit on the head, and I  Aye, aye, sir.   It's too bad Gideon isn't cleared for general I shall be interested in hearing your description, Captain.  You won't have long to wait.  Lieutenant Uhura.  Yes, Mister Spock.  Do we have final clearance from Gideon?  Yes, Mister Spock. They have provided us May I have them, please?   Eight seven five.  Eight seven five.   Zero two zero.  Zero two zero.   Zero seven nine.  Zero seven nine.  Let's go, Mister Spock.  Energising.  Mister Spock? (goes to intercom) Mister Spock. I have not yet Engineering?   Mister Scott? Scotty!  Lieutenant Uhura, report immediately. All  Kirk to crew. Is anyone aboard?  Sickbay? Doctor McCoy?  Bones? Bones, answer me.  Bones. Still orbiting Gideon.   I am alone on the Enterprise. I have Gideon is contacting us, Mister Spock.  Put it on the screen.  Aye, sir.  This is Mister Spock, Ambassador Hodin. Captain Kirk was I transported him myself.  He was beamed directly to your council chambers. Please verify Co-ordinates confirmed.  I am not questioning that, sir.  I do not deny that, sir. I am not attempting Your Excellency, even with intricate machinery as delicately  It is possible that Captain Kirk Your Excellency. May I cut right to the heart of the matter? I Your Excellency, the wars between opposing star systems no We must acknowledge once and for all that the purpose of Well, what are we waiting for, Mister Spock? We're not We are representatives of the Federation, Doctor.  That doesn't mean we have behave like children and listen to Unfortunately, diplomacy is the only channel available to us at We should never have agreed to such restrictions.  We did not, Mister Chekov. The Federation did. Lieutenant Uhura. Yes, Mister Spock.  Contact Starfleet immediately. Explain our problem. Request At once, sir.  Are there any other possibilities?  There are endless, Mister Chekov.  Well, where do we start, Mister Spock?  Institute a sensor scan three hundred and sixty degrees, one You mean you're going to scan space for him?  But, sir, that could take years.  Then the sooner you begin, the better.  Aye, sir. Who are you?  What are you doing on my ship?  Not my personal property, but I'm the captain.  It seems, at the moment, we have it all to ourselves.  Kirk. I'm sorry. James Kirk. And I didn't bring you here.  That's right. Who has brought you here?  You? What happened before you came here? Try to remember. It's Don't be afraid.  I seem to be the only one of my crew left on board the Maybe you can. Tell me the rest. You were fighting for oxygen, How long have you been aboard the Enterprise?  It might be. Come with me. Lieutenant Uhura, has Starfleet honoured our There has been no response as yet, sir.  Did you advise them the captain's life is at stake?  Yes, sir. They insist that the matter must be referred to the What department?  Bureau of Planetary Treaties.  Contact them directly.  I did, Mister Spock. They insist that we must go through With the captain lost, sir, that's the best they could come up Diplomats and bureaucrats may function differently, but they Nine minutes of my life has been lost.  Between the time I tried to beam down to Gideon and the time I That's your home. The planet that you come from.  It must be.  That's impossible. We were in synchronous orbit over the capital We're no longer over Gideon.  I don't know. I'm not familiar with that quadrant. Odona, you The ambassador will speak, sir. They're [on screen] But that is not what we requested.  [on screen] Your record on the subject is not precise, Your [on screen] Your Excellency, a dispute is the farthest thing True, Your Excellency.  Your Excellency, I am basically a scientist. Are you going to let him get away with that? No matter what you say, Mister Spock, he'll twist your meaning.  Yes, he's infuriating, sir. How can you stand it?  We do not leave without being absolutely sure ourselves that  Now certainly you understand our Yes, Your Excellency.  Yes, Your Excellency.  I apologise for the noise, your Excellency. To summarise, I I'll not take that, Mister Spock. That Mister Scott, you'll go to the transporter room and await my Aye, Mister Spock.  Yes, Your Excellency. The ship's engineer  To beam down to your council chamber.  Your Excellency, grant this one request.  Thank you, Your Excellency. Your proposal is  Scott here.  Prepare to beam aboard a representative of the Gideon council.  Aye, aye, sir.   Co-ordinates.   Eight seven five.   Zero two zero.  Seven zero nine. Energising.  Mister Spock, the gentleman from Gideon is here.  Your Excellency, your assistant has arrived Sir, our captain is still missing, and I now demand that I be Mister Scott, beam down the gentleman from Gideon.  Yes, Mister Spock. I'm sending him straight to the same Just when I was beginning to think you might find a whole new Do not give up hope. Lieutenant Uhura, contact Starfleet Yes, Mister Spock. Enterprise to Starfleet Command. Enterprise Enterprise to Starfleet Command. Enterprise It seems to be.  Captain Kirk here. Please answer red priority. Please answer red They wouldn't.  Took the ship out of warp speed.  Space terminology. We're no longer moving faster than the speed Of course it does. Maybe it is the same.  (referring to viewscreen) If you believe that, we have.  It isn't really, you know.  Yes. Yes, it is. Very, very beautiful.  How long would you like it to last?  Well, let's see. Power, that's no problem, it regenerates. And Most people are afraid of being alone.  Why? Why are the people of Gideon like that?  It might be Gideon.  Yes. It might help me pinpoint our location.  I've got to contact whoever is manipulating us. There must be a Why? What makes it so impossible to be alone?  Who sent you here?  You've come to kill. Odona, have you come to die?  Now, all I have to do is find a medical kit, Yes, the irritation would be gone.  No. Over something as simple as this? No, it'll cure itself No, the ship's engines don't make that kind of sound.  I know every sound that this ship might make. That's coming from A storm might, but you wouldn't be able to hear it. Come on.  This is a viewing port. We'll be able to see If it works.  It was like the heartbeat of all those people, and thousands upon Yes, I said that.  Yes, they can.  It could be a mirage. They could exist in our minds.  Or some power is creating the illusion in our minds that we are I think I have an idea. So that we won't keep trying to find out Be content? Be content? Not until I find out what happened to my Did you kill them so you could have the ship to yourself?  [on screen] I've never felt like this before either.  [on screen] There's no sickness on your planet, remember?  Hodin.  Let me in there. I can help her.  But she's ill.  Admiral, the crew will not understand it.  We wish only to save the life of the captain.  I am positive that I can do so to your satisfaction, Admiral. I I now know where the captain is being held, if he is being held Sir, the captain is not being held in the Gideon council Since the planet is shielded from our sensors, we cannot Admiral, I wish to state for the record that your decision is Let me see her.  You don't know what she may have.  It's very rare, and always fatal if not treated within twenty That's how my arm got hurt.  You're mad.  I don't understand how Starfleet can deny They did not ask for our understanding, Doctor.  I don't see how they expect us to sit here and wait for the Unfortunately, I must violate a direct order from Starfleet.  That's the best possible decision you could make, Spock. I'm I do not make it lightly, Doctor. However, Command knows that Eight seven five, zero two zero, zero seven nine.  Mister Scott, the co-ordinates given you?  Eight seven five, zero two zero, seven zero nine.  Co-ordinates don't match.  Precisely. I shall beam down at once. Mister Scott, you have the I'll pick up my medical tricorder and meet you in the Negative, Doctor. I cannot accept the responsibility for I'm not asking you to make the decision for me.  The situation forces me to do so, Doctor.  In that case, it's the worst possible decision you can make, This will not take long.  Isn't that just about what Captain Kirk said before he left? (into intercom) Captain Kirk. Spock here. Your report to the Federation was a tissue of Those are conditions most people would envy.  Then why haven't you introduced any of the new techniques to Then let your people learn about the devices to safely prevent And the great misery which you now face.  Yet you can kill a young girl.  You're killing your own daughter. How can you do that?  The virus you need is very rare. Who will provide it?  No sir, not me. You have many methods available. I've mentioned What was said and what happened between us was for us alone.  So that was your plan. That I would fall so under her spell that An exact duplicate of the Enterprise. But  Scott here, Mister Spock.  I am speaking to you from the bridge of the Enterprise.  You're where?   On the bridge of the Enterprise, Mister Scott.  Those were the co-ordinates you insisted on.  And they were correct. I'm on board an exact An exact duplicate of the Enterprise? Is it In orbit, Doctor. In a manner of speaking, Well, that's a beginning, but what about the I'm sure he's on board somewhere. I'm If you don't allow me to bring Doctor McCoy Her death is unnecessary. Even if she lives, her blood will Very short.  And it can continue. If only you'll allow me, I can cure you.  Your Excellency. Captain, you're looking well. Evidently Mister Spock, we have a patient for Doctor McCoy. Have Scotty Spock to Enterprise. Spock to Enterprise.  Scott here.   Three to beam up, Mister Scott.   Same co-ordinates?  Negative. Lock in on my communicator signal. Your Excellency, Well, that was close, but you made it.  Right. Just like the captain.  Why, because you're well again?  At least you owe me the privilege of letting me look at you.  Thank you, ma'am.  Is that what you want to do?  You're needed everywhere, Odona.  Oh, yes, it is. It's exactly the same. Only this one works.  Yes, it goes to the whole galaxy. With another difference. This It does now.  Yes, Odona, I have to.  (into intercom) Kirk to transporter control. One to beam down to You're the sanest, the smartest, the nicest Anything else, I'll keep to myself for the moment.   When a man of Scotty's years falls in love, the loneliness I didn't think Mister Scott would go for I don't think he's even noticed she has a brain.  Mister Scott. Mister Scott?  (turning from Mira) Hmm?  As soon as we're within viewing range of Memory Alpha, you and Aye, Captain.  Lieutenant, may I offer my congratulations on what will be your Yes. Good luck, Lieutenant.  Captain, I'm picking up a high intensity reading.  Is that Memory Alpha?  No, sir.  Excuse me.  Magnification eight. What is that?  Indications are a storm, Captain, although I've never seen one Readings?  All sensor readings are at maximum calibration.  Captain, it's approaching at warp factor two point six and Check that. No natural phenomena can move faster than the speed It is definitely doing so, Captain. Therefore it cannot be a Deflectors on. Condition yellow.  Condition yellow, sir.  Shields activated, Captain.  Mister Sulu, get us the devil out of here! Full scan on the Mira!  Doctor McCoy to the Bridge. Emergency. Emergency.  Mira! Mira! (her eyes and mouth are open) What's that you're Was she hurt by the fall or the action of the disturbance?  I don't know. Did you notice, Scotty?  Well, after the disturbance was over, she just collapsed. How's Well, I think she's coming around now.  Easy, now. Easy. You had quite a fall.  You let me be the judge of that. Do you feel like walking to Aye, they are. Now you just do what Doctor McCoy ordered.  Get to Sickbay, Lieutenant. That's an order.  Captain, would it be all right if I went along to Sickbay?  No, Mister Scott. Stay at your post for the moment.  But Captain  Lieutenant Uhura. Damage report.  Yes, sir. All stations are operative, sir.  Mister Spock?  Some equipment was temporarily out of order. My sensors were Any damage to the warp engines?  None, Captain.  Good. From the action of that storm, we'll need all the speed we Captain, it was not a storm.  Captain. During the disturbance, Memory Alpha was hailing. I Captain. It was not hands that were paralysed. It was eyes. I No, it was speech that was affected. I couldn't utter a sound.  Mister Spock, explanation.  Only of the result, not of the cause. In each case, a different Or attack.  Attack might be a more precise formulation, Captain.  And Lieutenant Romaine seems most susceptible. Are the readings corresponding, Nurse?  Thank you.  Lieutenant, there are four hundred and thirty people aboard this This whole thing is a new experience for all of us.  She might have something there, Doctor McCoy. This is her first Well, if we can get on with this, Scotty, we might make that Nothing?  Lieutenant  Lieutenant, you're being completely unco-operative!  I'll put the facts into your record, if I can get them.  Come on now, Mira. We must help the doctor. Tell us what Perhaps you can explain to her that any career she hopes for in I'm sure that's what the lieutenant wants. She just didn't Oh, you will not! That's ridiculous. This getting used to space Well, me, that's different. I was practically born to it.  You will. You passed your Starfleet preliminary examinations. Captain, I've plotted the storm's path.  Main screen projection.  On its present course, it will hit Memory Alpha planetoid as it Lieutenant, try and warn Memory Alpha of the proximity of that I cannot, sir. It has the ability to change speed.  Sir, I'm unable to establish contact with the planetoid. I'm It is of little consequence, Captain. Memory Alpha has no No shields?  None, Captain. When the library complex was assembled, shielding Wonderful. I hope the storm is aware of that rationale.  Completing approach to planetoid.  It is already over Memory Alpha, Captain! Its speed is Are we within orbit range, Mister Chekov?  Making final approach.  Lieutenant, try and warn them of  I'm sorry, sir. I can't break through this interference.  Mister Spock, how many people are on Memory Alpha?  It varies with the number of scholars, researchers, and Captain, we are within orbit range.  Lock into orbit.  Aye, sir.  It is leaving Memory Alpha, Captain.  Sensors give no readings of generated energy from Memory Alpha, Any life readings?  None.  Let's find out what's going on down there. Kirk to Engineering. Aye, aye, sir.   Scott here.  Scotty, where've you been? Where are you?  In the Sickbay.  Are you sick?  Och, no. I was just checking on the lass. Well, I'm relieved to hear your prognosis, McCoy here, Jim.   Doctor, how's the girl?  I think she's in good shape.   Well, Mister Scott seems to agree with you. The two of you Somehow, I find transporting into the Scotty, can you get us some more light?  I'm afraid this light'll have to do, Captain. The generator is Damage report, Spock.  A disaster for the galaxy, Captain. The central brain is Captain!  A very faint life reading in the immediate vicinity, Captain.  Locate him and keep him alive. We need more information about Over here, Captain!  Bones, can you do something?  Not a thing, Jim. (the woman's mouth is moving) The same garbled Are you sure?  Absolutely sure.  Kirk to Enterprise.   Sulu here.  Beam down Lieutenant Romaine immediately.   Yes, sir.  Spock, have you seen anything like that before?  Negative.  Bones?  She's dead.  What did she die of?  Severe brain haemorrhaging due to distortion of all neural The attack was thorough.  What did the others die of?  Each had a different centre of brain destroyed, cause unknown.  A different centre of the brain, you say?  Yes, Captain. I can be more detailed when we return to the ship Mira! The captain has some questions. Lieutenant, when you were unconscious, you were speaking.  I don't know. The words were unfamiliar to me.  They sounded exactly like the last words spoken by the We found one person in there just barely alive. The rest were Lieutenant. Lieutenant.  Why? Tell me why.  How do you know?  Lieutenant, I assure you that unexplained phenomenon was headed Enterprise to Captain Kirk.  Kirk here.   Bridge, sir. The storm has reappeared on the long range What's its course?   Coming back in this direction.  Beam us up.  Mister Sulu, this is the captain. Get the Enterprise out of here. Wait, Captain. We've lost Mira.  Delay that order, Mister Sulu!  Stabilise her!  Let me.  All right, Mister Sulu, get us out of here. Mister Scott, check Captain, it's changing course.  Plot the new course, Mister Chekov.  Present course is one two six mark twenty.  Plot it.  Mister Spock, you made a statement that phenomenon is not a No known conditions in space would support that type of natural What is it?  I'm having difficulty with the ship's sensors. They seem to be Then deductive reasoning will have to be substituted.  Ship's sensors are operating at the moment. Perhaps the elusive Listen to me. I've told you what strange tricks a space trip can Have you ever had visions of the future events before this?  Well, if you ask me, nobody ever has. That seeing to the future, And you were perfectly right.  Space. Space, that's all it is.  Well, if you want to spend the rest of the trip in Sickbay. But Captain, it's heading straight for us.  Activate shields.  Shields activated.  Mister Chekov, change course to one four three mark three.  One four three mark three.  Storm's course, Mister Sulu?  One four three mark three.  Take evasive action.  Evasive action.  Hard starboard, two one seven mark five.  Two one seven mark five. Still with us, sir.  Hard port, one one seven mark two.  One one seven mark two. Still with us, sir!  Is it closing?  Negative, Captain. Maintaining its distance. However, it is Your analysis, Spock. What is it?  Not what is it, Captain. What are they? There are ten distinct Who are they? Where are they from?  Impossible to determine without programming for computer It's clear we can't outrun them. Can we shield against them?  I do not believe the Enterprise shields would prove an effective There must be some defence we can use.  Captain, we are dealing with a community of life units. Their Maybe we can avoid another attack. Lieutenant Uhura, open all All channels open. Translator tied in.  This is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. We wish you no Perhaps it did not understand.  Captain, change in velocity recorded. They are passing our What?  Mira.  Perhaps it understands another kind of Mira.  Lock in phaser tracking controls.  Adjust phasers to fire across its course. Do not hit it.  Locked in, sir.  Fire. Reaction, Mister Sulu?  None, sir. They're still approaching us.  Apparently a shot across the bow is insufficiently convincing. Locked in, sir.  Fire.  Mira! Mira.  The phasers seem to have stopped their Lock in for another blast.  Locked in, sir.   Captain! Captain, the phaser shots, they're killing Mira!  Killing Lieutenant Romaine?  Aye. When you fired the phasers, they  Another shot and you'll kill her!  Get her to Sickbay at once.  Ready for firing, Captain.  Cancel that order. Another attack on that alien life form will It appears so.  If she is to survive, we can't attack.  Not directly.  Can the computer supply a defence based on the data you've been Negative, Captain. I have not been able to gather sufficient And yet isolate the girl from its deadly effects. Captain Kirk to  Yes, Captain.  Is the girl well enough to be questioned?   I can have her ready in a few minutes.  Have the Lieutenant and Mister Scott in the briefing room as Go easy on her, Jim. She's in a pretty bad I'll try.  Lieutenant Romaine.  Of course you didn't. I told the Captain.  We must get to understand what is happening.  Ship's investigative procedures are sometimes confusing to a new This investigation has been prompted by two events. First is the Now this is how we'll proceed. Mister Spock has all the Romaine, Mira. Lieutenant. Place of birth, Martian Colony Number Mister Spock, are you prepared with the background history of the I am, Captain. I have fed all obtainable data to the main Thank you. Mister Sulu, what is the status of our friends?  [on monitor] Status unchanged. They're still with us and keeping Continue evasive manoeuvres. Keep me informed. Kirk out. Doctor, Yes, Captain.  I'd like a few items from her psychological profile checked. Any Occasional and teenage routine incidents.  Any evidence of involuntary or unconscious telepathic abilities?  None.  Any pathological or unusual empathic responses?  No, Captain, not empathic. However, an extremely flexible and Go ahead, Doctor.  After our phasers hit that thing, I gave Lieutenant Romaine a Go ahead.  The comparison of our Steinman with Starfleet records shows that That's impossible!  That's what I was taught. But the BCP is just as consistent as Let's see it.  Doctor McCoy, according to your records, Lieutenant Romaine That's right, Spock. But exceptional pliancy was indicated. That And you are sure that this is the correct slide?  Yes, Mister Spock. That is tape deck D, brain circuitry pattern Gentlemen, it also happens to be tape H, the impulse tracking Nurse Chapel followed this every step of the way. There can be Check it, Spock.  As I said, Captain, this is the tracking obtained during the Comparison tape D's brain circuitry patterns of Lieutenant Fascinating.  There has been no error.  Doctor McCoy is correct, Captain. There is an identity of minds Bridge to Captain Kirk.   The alien is no longer maintaining its Continue evasive action. Keep me informed. Kirk out.  Mira has tried to tell me all along that she was seeing things Why didn't you report it?  You don't report space sickness. That's all I thought it was.  What did she see?  The first attack on the ship, the attack on Memory Alpha and the Those were all acts carried out by our attacker.  And? And?  Yes, Scotty? What else?  I thought for a moment there was something else, but I guess I Was he wrong, Lieutenant?  What did you see?  Where?  What was he doing? @ All right, now. What's all this talk of dying? They've called Kirk here.   Sulu, Captain. All evasion tactics carried out as ordered.  What success did you have?  At their present force, they will get through the shields this Warp eight, Mister Sulu.   Yes, sir.  They'll be here very soon. They may destroy you and us as they Captain Kirk to medical lab.  Prepare the antigrav test units. Let's go.  Attention. All personnel, attention. Alien  Take defensive action. Attention, all As soon as she has entered the gravity We've lost her to them.  Stay where you are.  She could kill us all in this state.  She will, unless we are able to complete what the captain has Stay with us, Mira. Please stay.  Don't lose yourself to them. Hold on.  You won't let them.  Mira. Mira! Captain.  That's not Mira talking.  Captain, we must deal with them directly, now, while she still I'm Captain James Kirk of the spaceship Enterprise. Do you Who are you?  That is one of the planets where all humanoid life was You can't be from Zetar. All life was destroyed there long ago.  Then what are you?  All things die.  The body of the one you inhabit has its own life to lead.  She will not. She is fighting for her own identity.  Will she learn the way people on Memory Alpha learned?  But you did kill!  The price of your survival is too high.  You can't have her. You're entitled to your own life, but not They will not accept their own deaths.  They'll be forced to accept it.  Captain, if we cannot complete the plan, they will carry out We must get her into the pressure chamber.  Jim, you realize the pressure needed to kill the Zetars might Mira will not kill me.  I told you she wouldn't kill me.  Secure the chamber. Neutralise gravity.  The Zetars are growing stronger.  The weightless state has become their natural condition.  Pressurise the unit. Bring pressure to two atmospheres and then The pressure is dangerously high, Captain. It may damage her.  Continue, Spock.  Pressure!  We've done it, Jim. They're gone.  (intercom) It's all right, Mira. They're gone. They're gone!  Reduce the pressure very, very gradually, Spock.  We may tax Mister Scott's patience, Doctor.  Lie perfectly still, Lieutenant. Try not to move at all. Take Now we have all the time in the world.  Bones, are you able to judge the long range When the personality of a human is involved, exact predictions Particularly where humans are involved, Doctor.  However, despite Starfleet judgment of the pliancy of the Doctor McCoy is correct, Captain. While the truth was difficult Would either of you credit Scotty's steadfast belief in her as a You mean, love as motivation? Humans do claim a great deal for There are no howevers about it, Mister Spock. It was a factor, Do I take it both of you agree that Lieutenant Romaine need not Well, I should think work would be a better therapy.  Logical.  Captain Kirk to Mister Scott.   Scott here, sir.  Mister Scott, how's Lieutenant Romaine?   Beautiful, Captain.  Yes, Mister Scott. Do I take it you say that she is fit for duty?  Positively, Captain.  Thank you. Kirk to Bridge.   Sulu, Captain.  Mister Sulu, set course for Memory Alpha. Lieutenant Romaine has  Yes, sir.  Well, this is an Enterprise first. Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock and (dictating) At Federation orders, we're Captain, the High Advisor of Ardana is ready to receive you on On Stratos? That's their cloud city, isn't it, Mister Spock?  It is, Captain.  There must be some mistake. Do you have the co-ordinates to the They've already been provided to the transport officer, Captain. Kirk to transporter room.   Ready to transport, Captain.  Mister Scott, are you locked in on the mine entrance or on their The mine entrance. That's what you ordered, Captain.  Fine. Uhura. Tell the High Advisor that we request to dispense Aye, sir.  Mister Spock, come with me. Oh, and tell them that we appreciate Aye, sir.  Stratos, Captain. A city actually floating in the sky.  Looks as tranquil as its reputation, doesn't it.  It is one of the most interesting metropolises in the galaxy. Once. I didn't have time to look around.  I've never had the opportunity. However, I hear its art forms Yes, art is the population's chief occupation.  It is a totally intellectual society. All forms of violence have There's the mine entrance. The zenite consignment should have Perhaps there is another entrance, Captain.  Perhaps.  It would seem the Troglytes have changed their minds about Who are you? What's the meaning of this attack?  We're here by permission of your government council on an No, just a little shaken up.  Captain Kirk, Enterprise. My first officer, Mister Spock.  Greetings, Mister Advisor.  It was rather warm.  Well, I'm more concerned with the zenite consignment. Why wasn't The Disrupters? Who are they?  They agreed to the delivery. Your council assured us of it.  Hostages? For what purpose?  Very well. I do hope the search will be brief, Mister Advisor.  Remarkable. The finest example of sustained antigravity Pleasure, madam.  Nor I a work of art, madam.  Despoil? For what purpose?  What are their demands?  I must concern myself with it if it should interfere with the Mister Advisor, the plant life is the source of oxygen on that I hope so. Ardana is a member of the Federation, and it is your But why do they destroy art forms? That is a loss to everyone.  That would be most welcome, Mister Advisor.   This troubled planet is a place of the most violent Your movements awakened me.  Only Vulcan ears would find the noise discernible.  The same may be said of Stratos inhabitants.  We do pride ourselves on our logic.  You again!  Yes, duty is a good teacher. I see you've changed your So you can attack me again? That would be foolish.  I'm not afraid. In fact, I find this rather enjoyable.  All right, I'll make a deal with you. You answer some questions Your word first.  Extreme feminine beauty is always disturbing, madam.   Spock?  Then why this?  Am I intruding, Captain?  No, not at all. In fact her visit was quite enlightening.  Yes, it seems the Troglytes are under the impression that the We're here to get that zenite consignment, and that's it.  In times of emergency, they do anything. And believe me, this Unaccustomed to light and warmth? That's necessary to all In other words, they perform all the physical toil necessary to But they are not allowed to share its advantages.  They can be taught to understand, especially in a society that The surface of the planet is almost unendurable. To restrict a Troglyte is an abbreviation of an ancient Earth term. Its Yes, I should have realised.  Mister Advisor!  You said you were going to question Vanna, not torture her.  Surely there are better methods than this.  Yes, but I won't stand by while someone is tortured!  Violence in reality is quite different from theory, is it not, All the little things you and I understand and expect from life, The abstract concepts of loyalty and leadership seem clear to But obviously no more consideration.  The only way you'll use that device again is on one of us.  Of course, but Starfleet command won't take kindly to having Beyond plain humanitarianism, my orders are to get that zenite.  You won't get it through torture.  Kirk to Enterprise.   Enterprise, Captain.  Mister Scott, we're ready to beam up.   Aye, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura, advise Starfleet command That may not be easy, Jim. Medical analysis indicates the That's impossible, Bones. The Troglytes have accepted personal Look, I've checked my findings thoroughly. Their intellect But they're all the same species. Those who live on Stratos and That's true, Spock, but obviously the ancestors of those who Natural growths? What kind?  Well. I had this zenite sample sent up from the surface. Now Incredible. Zenite is shipped all over the galaxy wherever there And the mines are full of that gas.  That's right. And the Troglytes are constantly exposed to Bones, the Disrupters, Vanna. It seems impossible. They've As part of the staff of Stratos, Vanna was removed from exposure That's right, Spock. The other Disrupters were probably removed Does the brain return to normal?  According to findings, it should.  Can you neutralise the gas?  No, but a filter mask should remove the exposure.  Find one. Meet us in the transporter room. This mask automatically eliminates all substance injurious to There's every indication that the effect of the gas is Doctor McCoy has analysed the zenite thoroughly. We've checked Unequal evolution did not begin until after your ancestors There's no time to argue about the findings now. I simply propose This nonsense might mean a great deal to the Troglytes. I would But that could take days.  Are you afraid the filter masks will work? Is that why you don't I am here to get that zenite. If these will help me get them, My diplomacy is somewhat inadequate.  It's pretty hard to overcome prejudice.  Doesn't give us much choice, does it.  Nor much time. We have ten hours and forty minutes to deliver Beam me down to Vanna's confinement quarters.  You mean you're going back to Stratos against government orders? If Vanna doesn't have something definite to gain for her people, Captain, if you are apprehended deliberately violating the High Allow me to point out that a first officer is more expendable Officially, yes. But this mission is strictly unofficial. Vanna, I've brought you a gift. There's a dangerous gas in the Yes.  That's true. But an idea can't be seen or felt. That's what's Yes. I'll see to it that the Federation engineers construct them. Plasus is not the whole government.  As soon as the zenite is delivered to Merak Two, I'll come back. The zenite can be delivered in a few hours. You won't have long Vanna, you must trust me. If you don't, millions of people will (wearing the mask) We had a bargain. Why did you break it?  I trusted you.  Then you are a fool. These masks will free you, just as I said.  Holding me won't help you. My men'll still come for that zenite They'll still come.  Without that mask, I haven't  It takes a while for its effects to be noticed.  Is that what Disrupters are bargaining for, the right to kill The masks can change that.  How long do you plan on keeping me here, providing Midro doesn't That's quite a while. Longer than I expected.  Completely.  Die from something that can't be seen? You astound me, Vanna.  Spock here. We've been trying to make contact, Captain. Is Nothing. Are you locked in on me?  Locked in and ready to beam up consignment.  Circumstances dictate a slight variation, Standing by for instructions. Hold on these co-ordinates. Locate the High Instructions clear. I shall carry them out I am preparing a demonstration on the effects of unbelieved gas. Beam the High Advisor down without warning, That's not an exact quote, Mister Scott. However, it does I'd like to see the Advisor's face.  You will have that opportunity.  The captain did say immediately, did he not?  Now that is an exact quote, Mister Scott, and I suggest you Aye.  Transporter room to Mister Spock.  Spock here.   I've locked into the co-ordinates of the Cloud City Council You'll have to delay.   What's wrong?  Picking up two life-forms in the gallery.   They are inseparably close to one Without the other.   Did you say the word immediately was an exact quote of the Precisely, Mister Scott.   Well, are we going to do anything about it?  Until the High Advisor is alone or can be isolated, the captain Spock to transporter room.   Scott here.  Lock in on Council Gallery co-ordinates.   Locked in, sir.  Energise.   Aye, sir.  Energising.  How are you doing, Mister Scott?  Fine, Mister Spock. The High Advisor's Beam him down to Captain Kirk immediately.   Energising, sir. He's on his way to the captain.  Good work, Mister Scott.   The Advisor looked mighty angry. I hope he doesn't give the The captain will employ his usual diplomatic balm. Not until you're convinced of the effects of the zenite gas, Perhaps you need closer exposure. Fill that container.  I insist.  You too, Vanna. You too! Dig! Kirk here. What is it?  Contact check, Captain. It has been over an Your orders are to stand by. Now, carry them Standing by, Captain.   However, let me remind you, we have That is very unlike the captain.  Can the zenite be affecting him?  We'll leave when the gas has effect.  Dig!  I said dig!  One more step and I'll kill you.  Both will kill.  Enterprise, Spock here.  Captain, the zenite gas has affected you. Captain! The zenite The zenite gas.  Look out, Jim!  Well, it seems my little demonstration was quite a success.  It is less technical, therefore less accurate, but perhaps more They will be very effective. sir. They've been severely tested, Thank you, Vanna.  There is great beauty in the knowledge that lies below, and only No. No, Vulcan is quite different.  Perhaps some form of mediation can be helpful in your Believe me, sir, I have neither the time nor the desire to return You're guilty of attacking a starship commander and plotting Yes, Vanna. They never happened. Mister Advisor? (Plasus nods) Two hours, fifty-nine minutes to be exact, Captain.  Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Scott beam us up.  It is definitely the stolen space cruiser, Captain, the Aurora. Hailing frequencies. Aurora, this is the USS Enterprise, Captain I read no evidence of malfunction.  Repeat. Federation orders to detain you for  They're veering off, sir.  Change course. Pursue and overtake.  Aye, aye, sir.  Stand by tractor beams.  Standing by, sir.  If it continues on course, it will enter Romulan space.  Engage.  Tractor beam engaged.  Bring them in.  They've not cut power, sir. They're struggling to escape.  Their engines are seriously overheating, Captain.  Aurora, cut power. You are overtaxing your ship.  Power approaching critical. They cannot continue.  Emergency power to tractor beams. Bridge to Transporter room. Aye, Captain.  Power beyond critical. Explosion is Are we within transportation range?  Not yet, sir.  Aurora personnel, stand by to be transported aboard. Energise.  Are they aboard? Scotty, are they aboard?  Aye, Captain. They are, and a nice lot too.  Scotty, take them to the briefing room.  Irina?  What's going on?   They refuse, sir.  Why?  I don't know. They're sitting on the floor, No, I'll be right down. Mister Spock.  Which one of you is Tongo Rad?  You can thank your father's influence for the fact you're not In addition you've caused an interstellar incident which may have If you have an explanation, I am prepared to hear it.  Mister Spock, take them to Sickbay for a medical check. There may Captain, with your permission  By all means.  One.  One is the beginning.  I am not Herbert.  If you will state your purpose and your objectives, perhaps we I would prefer that you state it.  What is your destination?  That planet it is a myth.  Well, whether you recognise authority or not, I am it on this Mister Spock, you seem to understand these people. You will deal And after they are finished in Sickbay, see to it that they're Yes, Captain.  I have orders to the contrary. This is not a passenger ship.  Lieutenant Palmer, notify Starbase we have Personal note to the Catullan ambassador. His son is safe.  Captain.  Yes, what is it?  Sir, I believe I know one of them. At least, I think I One of those was in the Academy?  Yes, sir. She dropped out. She  Do you wish to see her? Permission to leave your post.  Thank you, sir.  Are they in the Sickbay?  Yes, Captain.  Mister Spock, do they really believe that Eden exists?  Many myths are based on truth, Captain, and they are not Doctor Sevrin is their leader?  Yes. A brilliant research engineer in the fields of acoustics, Well. But they've rejected all that and all that this technology There are many who are uncomfortable with what we have created. All do. The cave is deep in our memory.  Yes, that is true, Captain.  But we don't steal space cruisers and act like irresponsiblechildren.  What makes you so sympathetic toward them?  It is not sympathy so much as curiosity, Captain. A wish to Spock. What does Herbert mean?  It is somewhat uncomplimentary, Captain. Herbert was a minor Well, I shall try to be less rigid in my thinking. Excuse me. Is Irina Galliulin with you?  Irina.  You knew I was on the Enterprise?  Irina, why? Come.  How could you do this to yourself? You were Why did you do it?  I am proud of what I am. I believe in what I do. Can you say Yes.  You even talk like them. Why did you go away?  I came back to look for you. I looked. Where did you go?  You never felt as I did. Never.  You don't have it in you to feel so much. Even when we were Go to your friends.  What's going on, Bones?  Trouble. Your friend here didn't want a checkup. Turns out You don't have the choice.  I don't know what this man was planning on doing on a primitive There wouldn't have been enough primitives left to bury their I wish it were. There's a nasty little bug evolved in the last Does he have it? What about the others?  All the others are clear. He doesn't have it. He's a carrier. Is the crew in danger?  I don't know. They all had full spectrum immunisations before Would you like to run the test, Doctor? You knew you were a Then why did you fight the examination?  Put him in isolation.  Be ready for the objections, Jim. They are a vocal lot.  Yes, I'm ready. Kirk to Security. I want a guard maintained on It'll show in twenty four hours. It's a virulent strain.  How do you know what I want?  You make it tempting.  Mister Sulu. Mister Sulu, explain.  No explanation, sir.  Doctor Sevrin will be released when we think he is medically  Engineering to Bridge.  Yes, Scotty, what is it?   Captain, I just had to give one of those barefooted what do Thank you, Scotty. Mister Spock, I don't seem to be able to I shall make an attempt, Captain.  Thank you, Mister Spock. If it weren't for that ambassador's son, Yes, sir. They respect you. They will listen to your reasoning. For their Then you knew you were a carrier.  What I fail to understand is why you disobey those orders.  Your very presence will destroy the people you seek. Surely you Yes, Doctor.  Yes, Doctor.  Doctor Sevrin is insane. I've not consulted I'll have Bones check him out. Spock, I'm sorry. You had great His condition does not affect my interest in the movement. There Certainly. Mister Chekov, assist Mister Spock. Bridge to Sickbay.  McCoy here.  Bones.   Yes, Captain.  I'd like to talk to you. Come in.  No.  If I understand you correctly, I believe the answer might be Yes.  Auxiliary control.  Should the main control room breakdown or suffer damage, we can It does not matter.  Let us not discuss your beliefs.  Then why do you do such things?  I am assisting Mister Spock in locating your Eden.  I am not. These tapes contain star charts, and we project the What I do not know I find out from the computer banks. If, if I No. We use our own judgment also.  You could never listen to anyone. You always had to be  I am not receiving, Mister Chekov. Spock to Chekov. Repeat, I am sorry, Mister Spock. I was momentarily delayed.  At least we know where they are and what they're doing. I don't I used to get into a little trouble when I was that age, Scotty. Captain, I get no response from controls. We're going off course. It's shorted. No, it's channeled over somewhere. To auxiliary Bridge to auxiliary control. Bridge to auxiliary control.  Captain, it seems as though someone else is running the ship.  Can he do it?  He has the capability, Captain.  Start a trace-back of all circuits.   See if you can bypass him.  Captain, we're now leaving the Neutral Zone. Bearing into Romulan Any patrols?  Negative.  There will be soon. Doctor Sevrin. You are violating Romulan  The Romulans will view this as a And return to Starbase, no charges will be If you do not, you will never reach Eden. You Adam.   Rad.  You are being led by a man who is insane.   You are being used by him.  Spock, you tell them.  Adam, there is a file on Doctor Sevrin in our computer banks. In That he is a carrier of a bacillus strain You'll also find a report from the same Adam. You know I reach you. I believe in We are within sensor range of Eden and Whatever they're going to do, they're going to do now. We have no Spock! It's all right, Spock. It stopped.  No, Captain, it hasn't stopped. It has gone beyond  Captain, they're using  (in pain) Captain, go. I. You must destroy the  What is it?  Ultrasonics. The panel.  Kirk to Engineering. Bridge? Hangar deck? Kirk to Transporter  Sulu here, Captain. What happened to us? I heard a whistle, Never mind. Do we have control of the ship?   No, sir. Control is in auxiliary.  Can we break out of orbit if we have to?  I think so, sir.  Kirk here.  Stand by. Do you read any Romulans?  Negative, Captain. However I am picking up the shuttlecraft.  Where?  It has landed. Except for those aboard the craft, I read no life Auxiliary control to Doctor McCoy. Bones, are you all right?   Yes, Jim.  Stand by, transporter room. Full medical gear.   Bridge to Captain Kirk. Do you wish to open communication, No. No, they tried to destroy us. Let them think they succeeded. The legends were true, Captain. Fantastically beautiful planet.  Eden.  Is this what they believed they'd find? Then I can understand. What is it?  The flower, sir. I touched it. It's like fire.  It's burned. All this plant life is full of acid. Even the Will our clothing protect us?  It should for a while.  Captain.  Bones?  Poison. The fruit is deadly.  His name was Adam.  There's the shuttlecraft.  Here, we'll help you.  Doctor Sevrin. Bones!  He should be beamed aboard, Jim. He needs more than I can do for Spock to Enterprise.   Enterprise here.  Stand by to beam aboard injured parties. Medical team to the We can help you aboard the ship.  Be sensible, Doctor.  Come back here, you fool!  Sevrin, don't! You'll kill yourself!  Don't bite into that!  Stop!  Alert them that we have the four and we're ready to beam them Bridge to Transporter. Scotty, are they there?   Three of them, sir. Expecting a fourth any minute.  Stand by. Mister Chekov, do you wish to attend?  Captain, I wish first to apologise for my conduct during this Thank you, Mister Chekov. You did what you had to do. As did we Thank you, sir.  I was coming to say goodbye.  And you be correct.  Miss Galliulin. It is my sincere wish that you do not give up We reach, Mister Spock.   Report.  Jim, there's a large deposit bearing two seven three, four Strange. Readings indicate a life form in the vicinity, Let's get that ryetalyn.  Inoperative.  I'm Captain James Kirk  Then if you know who we are, you know why we're here, Mister?  Did you say your planet, sir?  Mister Flint, I have a sick crew up there. We can't possibly We're in need! We'll pay for it, work for it, trade for it.  But you have the ryetalyn that we need! If necessary, we'll take Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Scott, lock phasers onto our  Aye, Captain, all phasers locked on.  Mister Flint, if anything happens to us, four deaths and then my Mister Flint, unless you are certain, I would suggest you We need only a few hours.  Have you ever seen a victim of Rigelian fever? They die in one Are you a student of history, sir?  With all due gratitude.  Then you live here alone.  A most impressive home, Mister Flint.  Yes, a Shakespeare first folio. A Gutenberg Bible.   The Creation lithographs by Taranullus of Centauri Seven. Do we trust him?  It would seem logical to do so for the moment.  Well, I'll need two hours to process that ryetalyn into If that ryetalyn isn't here in one hour, we'll go prospecting, This is the most splendid private collection of art I've ever Saurian brandy, one hundred years old. Jim?  Please.  Mister Spock, I know you won't have one. Heaven forbid those Thank you, Doctor. I will have a brandy.  Do you think the two of us can handle a drunk Vulcan? Once If I appear distracted, it is because of what I have seen. I am I'll drink to that. What emotion?  Envy. None of these da Vinci paintings has ever been catalogued Would be? You mean you think they're fakes?  Most strange. A man of Flint's obvious wealth and impeccable Well, this could be what it seems to be, or it could be a cover, Well, that could explain the paintings. Similar to the real Spock, at your earliest opportunity, take a full tricorder  Aye, Captain.  Mister Scott, run a full computer check on Mister Flint and on  Aye, sir.  Kirk out. Let's enjoy this brandy. It tastes real.  Easy. Bones?  Ryetalyn, ready to be processed into antitoxin.  Beam up to the ship and start processing.  I would like to supervise that, of course.  Thank you, Mister Flint. I don't think we have the time.  I thought you lived alone.  Indeed. I would appreciate such a talk. It is an interest of Rayna.  With most impressive results, sir. What else interests you The totality of the universe? All knowledge?  At her age, I rather enjoyed errors with no noticeable damage, The misfortune of men everywhere, and our privilege.  Thank you, sir.  Why not all three?  Did you teach her that?  You said something about savagery, Mister Flint. When was the Thank you. Our missions are peaceful, our weapons defensive. If Yes, well, those pressures are everywhere in everyone, urging him May I have the pleasure?  Is something wrong?  Yes, there's something wrong. The ryetalyn is no good. It Irillium will render the antitoxin inert and useless.  Thank you.  Time factor, Bones? Epidemic?  Nearly two and a half hours. I guess we've got time to get in But would we have made the error?  Jim, what if all the ryetalyn on this planet contains irillium?  Go with Flint. Keep an eye on procedures.  Like a hawk.  Captain. Something else which is rather extraordinary. This Later, Spock.  Captain, it is written in manuscript. In original manuscript, in I think I will go to the laboratory. There may be a way of You left us. The room became lonely.  What? What's in there?  Then why are you here?  Are you troubled now?  By what? Are you happy here with Flint?  Then why are you afraid? (he embraces her) Don't be afraid.  Thank you, Mister Spock.  Fortunately, the robot did not detect my presence and deactivate If it were around right now, it would correct  Fascinating.  In your own words, it would be an interesting test of power.  I don't like the way he orders her around.  Since we are dependent on Mister Flint for the ryetalyn, He loves her?  Strongly indicated.  Jealousy. Yes, that would explain the attack, but he seemed to It does appear to defy the male logic as I understand it.  Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Scott.   Aye, Captain.  Report on the Rigelian fever.  Nearly everybody aboard has got it, Captain.  Just a little while longer, Scotty. Report on the computer There is no report on Mister Flint. He doesn't seem to have any  The planet was purchased thirty years Run a computer check on Rayna Kapec. Status, legal ward after the  Aye, sir.  Kirk out, Mister Scott.  We have still a greater mystery, Captain. I was able to run a Can you confirm that, Mister Spock?  I shall programme the readings through Doctor McCoy's medical Time factor.  We must commence ryetalyn injections within two hours and What's keeping the processing this time?  [on monitor] The delay may be deliberate.  [on monitor] As though he's keeping us here for some reason.  [on monitor] Most interesting. Our host appears to wish us to Kirk here.  No award of custody?  No background at all in any computer banks. Kirk out. Like Flint. People without a past. Captain, I would suggest that our immediate concern is the Let's find McCoy.  I'll meet you in the lab.  I don't want to say goodbye.  I tell you, Spock, I was waiting for the Interesting. Obviously, Mister Flint is not yet ready for us to Well, I think we'd better tell Jim.  The captain wanted us to wait here.  Come with me. I offer you happiness.  Childhood must end. You love me, not Flint.  Flint lied. The ryetalyn isn't here.  Picking up tricorder readings, Captain. Apparently the ryetalyn Why is Flint playing tricks on us? Apparently we're supposed to Captain, I shall get the ryetalyn.  Why you?  There may be dangers within.  Let's find out.  Let me go alone, Captain.  Why? Get to the point, Spock, if there is one.  We'll all go.  The ryetalyn.  Physically human but not human. These are Your collection of Leonardo da Vinci masterpieces, Mister Flint, And da Vinci?  How many other names shall we call you?  You were born?  Instant tissue regeneration coupled with some perfect form of Your wealth and your intellect are the product of centuries of You wanted a perfect, ultimate woman, as brilliant, as immortal Spock, you knew?  I had hoped I was wrong.  You brought me here to learn this? Does she know?  Let's go.  Why?  We have discovered what he is, Captain.  We can remain silent.  Kirk to Enterprise.  Clear out of the area. Inform Starfleet Command. Enterprise? My crew.  You'd wipe out four hundred lives? Why?  Worse than dead! Restore them. Restore my ship!  You have been such men. You've known and created such beauty. What needs?  What will you feel for him after we are gone?  All emotions are in play, Mister Flint. You harm us, she hates Give me back my ship. Your secret is safe with us.  That's why you delayed the processing of the ryetalyn. You Impossible? Impossible. From the beginning, you used me. I can't Captain, your primitive impulses will not alter the Stay out of this. We're fighting over a woman.  No, you're not, for she is not.  She's human. Down to the last blood cell, she's human. Down to Gentlemen, I urge you to stop. There is a danger.  I don't want to beat you. This is no test of power. Rayna belongs Rayna, come with me.  What happened?  She loved you, Captain. And you, too, Mister Flint, as a mentor, Spock.  The epidemic is reduced and no longer a threat. The Enterprise A very old and lonely man. And a young and lonely man. We put on Jim. Oh, thank heaven, sleeping at last.  Your report, Doctor.  Oh, those tricorder readings on Mister Flint are finally On that day, I shall mourn. Does he know?  Yes, I told him myself. He intends to devote the remainder of Indeed.  Well, I guess that's all. I can tell Jim later or you can. Goodnight, Doctor.  I do wish he could forget her.  Forget.    All observation stations, take final Spock, any answers?  I still read a suggestion of carbon cycle life forms on the Which is scientifically impossible under conditions there.  Agreed. Mister Sulu, switch to the planet area I have under I'm reading it now, Mister Spock. It seems to indicate artificial Which would indicate a considerable civilisation there.  What's all this poppycock about life forms on this planet, Our readings could be false, Captain, perhaps caused by some Well I think Starfleet should forget about those old space Lieutenant, anything from the planet?  I've repeatedly tried on every hailing frequency, sir. There's Transmit to Starfleet our sensor readings and log entries on the Aye, aye, sir.  Completing final orbit, sir.  Prepare to warp us out.  Alert status.  We're being scanned, Captain. A deep probe, incredibly swift.  Jim!  Uhura  I recognise what you appear to be.  Spock.  Fascinating.  I was requesting your analysis, Spock.  They did scan us and our vessel, Captain, and doubtless obtained We'd be honoured to have you aboard, Mister President.  We can convert to it, sir.  (signing a PADD) Thank you, Mister Mulney.  Small change occurring there, Captain.  Magnification four, helm.  Aye, aye, sir.  An area of approximately one thousand square kilometres. It Perfect oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere.  He called it to the second, sir. We'll be over it in exactly Security, send a detachment to the transporter room immediately, Jim, do you really believe he's Abraham Lincoln?  It's obvious he believes it. Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock, full Full dress? Presidential honours? What is this nonsense, Mister Ha! You're daft, man.  I'd have expected sanity from the ship's surgeon, at least. If so, we'll execute appropriate honours to each, Mister Scott.  Aye, sir.  Gentlemen, I don't for a moment believe that President Lincoln is  Bridge to Transporter room. One minute to overhead Locked on to something. Does that appear human to you, Mister Fascinating. For a moment, it appeared almost mineral. Like We can beam it aboard anytime now, sir.  Doctor McCoy, take tricorder readings and see if it is human. Band honours ready, Captain.  Energise.  The USS Enterprise is honoured to have you aboard, Mister That's taped music, sir. A starship on active duty never carries An energy-matter scrambler, sir. The molecules in your body are Human, Jim.  Mister President, may I present my officers. Commander Spock, Lieutenant Dickerson, you and your men may return to quarters. Just what was it you locked onto before you beamed him aboard?  You heard Mister Spock yourself. Mineral he called it, like And that became Lincoln?  I couldn't tell. It may have been another figure down there I'm not quite sure. Yes, if I recall, your Union Army observation We do, sir. Six hundred forty three miles, two thousand twenty Excuse me, Captain Kirk.  Yes, Lieutenant.  Mister Scott  But why should I object to that term, sir? You see, in our May I present our communications officer, Lieutenant Uhura.  We've each learned to be delighted with what we are. The Vulcans It is basic to the Vulcan philosophy, sir. The combination of a Certainly. Our engineering officer  Has been waiting in the briefing room for you, sir, for over two Forgive me again. We'll rejoin you shortly.  Where the devil are they?  Why, they're probably looking up a plate of haggis in the Sorry to have been delayed, gentlemen.  Jim, I would be the last to advise you on your command image.  I doubt that, Bones, but continue.  Do I have to lay it out for you? Practically the entire crew has Lincoln died three centuries ago on a planet hundreds of light More that direction, Engineer.  You're the science officer. Why aren't you, well, doing whatever I am, Doctor. I am observing the alien.  At last! At least somebody agrees with us he's an alien.  Yes, of course he's an alien.  And he's potentially dangerous.  Mad. Loony as an Arcturian dogbird.  Gentlemen, as you know, Mister Spock and I have been invited to Yes, a big one. Suddenly, miraculously, we see a small spot of You might beam down into a sea of molten lava.  But why would he want to kill only two of us?  It would be illogical. With such abilities, they could as easily Are you implying, Mister Spock, that it's probably safe to beam No, I'm not, Doctor. There's no doubt they want us down there Why Lincoln, Spock? Any speculation on that?  Speculation is unnecessary, Captain. The answer is clear. But not only to me, Spock.  Agreed. I, too, experienced his charm. It is a magnificent work But he holds a special involvement to you, Jim. I think it's Don't do it, Captain.  The very reason for the existence of our starships is contact Captain, since I was included in the invitation to make contact, You're both out of your heads!  Aye, sir.  And you're on the edge of insubordination.  Would I be on the edge of insubordination to remind the captain Aye!  Gentlemen, your concern is noted and appreciated. Mister Spock, Standing by, Mister Scott.  Transporter room to bridge. Standing by.   We are now locked in synchronous orbit, Mister Scott. Then they're dead men. I couldna pull them back in time.  All right, Mister Scott, energise.  Scotty.  Captain. Our phasers and tricorders did not beam down with us.  Kirk to Enterprise. Enterprise? Enterprise, come in. Kirk to Undamaged, yet something is preventing them from functioning.  Come in, landing party. Report. Enterprise Your explanation, sir?  Why were our weapons taken? Why can't we communicate with our The game is over. We've treated you with courtesy. We've gone Surak.  Who?  The greatest of all who ever lived on our planet, Captain. The (in the captain's chair) All ship's systems All decks report status. All decks report status.  Bridge to Engineering. Come in. What's happening to our power? How is it, Mister Sulu?  No answer yet on what caused it. They're standing by.  Shut down all but the most necessary systems.  No damage report, Mister Scott.  Engage restart cycle.  Start emergency procedures.  It is not logical that you are Surak. There is no fact, Live long and prosper, image of Surak, father of all we now hold As I turned and my eyes beheld you, I displayed emotion. I beg Spock, we'll not go along with these charades any longer.  We know nothing of your world or your customs. What do you mean, We perceive we were invited to come here, and we came in At least the captain and Spock are safe.  It's a confrontation of some sort. Those are all figures out of What do you mean, survival?  Can we beam the captain and Spock back up?  We don't have the power. They'll come aboard a mass of dying Well, can we send the phasers down?  There's nothing we can do, Doctor. Nothing but watch them. He's But they're not real, any more than that Lincoln or Surak. What As life-forms. They are living beings.  Could they be aliens projecting an illusion?  The readings are those of humanoids.  Mister Spock and I refuse to participate.  Analysis, Spock. Why do they want us to fight?  It may be exactly as explained, Captain. Our concept of good and And they'll get their answers if it kills us.  What do you want?  You're somewhat different than the way history paints you, Where do you come from?  What do you propose?  [on viewscreen] You were notorious, Colonel Green, for striking Captain! How can we warn him?  Anyone hurt?  Mister Spock?  I'm all right, Captain. However, I suggest that we prepare No, I think Colonel Green is right. That rock-like thing is our Kirk to Enterprise. Enterprise, come in.   Scott to Engineering. Report, Give me that again, man. I cannot hear you.  Mister Scott, I have the captain.  Scotty, do you read me?  Mister Scott, I have the captain.  Engineering, check for radiation. Get a repair crew on it at Is there a danger of detonation?  Red Alert, Captain. Mister Scott is standing by.   What caused the red alert?  I don't know yet, sir.  Captain.  Scotty, beam us up fast.  I cannot. We have a complete power failure.   We're on emergency battery power only.  What happened?  I can't explain it, sir, but the matter and  What caused that?  There's no knowing and there's no stopping it either. The What if they defeat us?  Scotty, inform Starfleet Command. Disengage There's nothing immoral about fighting an We'll use this as a base. It's defensible. They can't approach No, we don't have time. But if things go against us, I want a Occasionally. Why?  Thank you. Thank you. Mister Spock, we'll need weapons. I believe Yes, Captain.  And slings and spears. Slings. Mister President. You used a sling Captain. Logic dictates that we consider another course.  We don't have much time, Spock.  Circumstances were different then, Surak.  I'm afraid that kind of logic doesn't apply here.  My ship is at stake.  His convictions are most profound in this matter, Captain.  So are mine, Spock. If I believed that there was a peaceful way The captain knows that I have fought at his side before and will You saw how treacherously they acted.  I have no authority over you. You may do as you think best.  The weapons, gentlemen. In case he fails. Your Surak is a brave man.  You show emotion, Spock.  I deeply respect what he has accomplished.  I hope he accomplishes something here, and soon.  Surak?  They're trying to goad us into attacking, Captain. They expect Yes, I know that.  He was aware of what might happen when he went.  I should never have let him go.  You had no choice, Captain. You could not have stopped him.  How can you ignore that?  A Vulcan would not cry out so.  Whether he's a Vulcan or not, he's in agony.  I am not insensitive to it, Captain.  But you can just listen to it and do nothing. I can't.  Captain, that is what they are waiting for. They're waiting for Do what they want, sir?  And what will you do?  No.  I can't let you risk it, Mister President.  No, sir.  Your campaign, Mister President. Mister Lincoln!  You established the methods and the goals.  What did you offer the others if they won?  You offered me the lives of my crew.  How many others have you done this to? What gives you the right We came in peace.  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.   Is that you, Captain? Are you all right?  Yes, Mister Sulu. We're all right. You may beam us aboard.  Mister Scott, report.  The ship is functioning normally again, sir, and the restart Mister Sulu.  We should be on warp power within thirty minutes, sir.  Good. Mister Chekov.  The deterioration in the shielding has stopped and is reversing Thank you, Mister Chekov. Mister Spock, any explanation?  Conjecture, Captain, rather than explanation.  Well?  It would seem that we were held in the power of creatures able They seemed so real. And to me, especially Mister Lincoln. I feel Yes, and Surak. Perhaps in a sense they were real, Captain. It was so hard for me to see him die again. I feel I understand Captain Kirk, the planet has resumed its normal appearance.  There's still so much of their work to be done in the galaxy, Aye, aye, sir.   The power source we detected is in this building, Captain.  Any sign of survivors?  No signs of sapient life forms.  How can a planet full of people just disappear?  If they knew that their sun was dying, it could be anything up to Reports deny that they had any space flight capability. This Then we're certainly in the right place to find out what Well, that's fine. Where do we start?  Perhaps you can, Mister  You say everyone is gone? Where'd they go?  No, no particular person, just people in general. Where did they What about recent history?  It doesn't have to be extensive, Just the answers to a few You're a very agile man, Mister Atoz. Just how many of you are Forgive me, sir. It is my fault. I must have miscalculated. Our Did you say they were safe?  Where did they go?  I see. And you personally sent all these people on the planet to You are the real one, Mister Atoz?  Of course. I am the real Mister Atoz.  As a matter of fact, he's quite real, Jim.  Let us take you with us to a place of safety.  We'll choose it as quick as we can. How long till nova?  Three hours, thirteen minutes.  This gentleman is not  Exactly what is it that I'm expected to select?  I see. This is a fascinating machine. What is it?  Interesting nomenclature. How does it work? May I  Thank you, Mister Atoz.  Spock. Bones.  What is this place?  Yes, and where is the captain? I'm a free man, sir.  Heating this boulder may provide some What's wrong?  Something's preventing my phaser from operating. What's that? Are you all right?  You better come back with me to the library. You'll be safe It's right over there.  Where's the captain, Spock? We were right No. Do you remember when you first saw me? Do you remember No. No. It must be here someplace.   Jim!  Jim, can you hear us?  Bones? Spock?  Captain, we hear you, but we cannot see you.  Are you all right?  We must've missed each other somehow.   Agreed.  Apparently they've all escaped the No, no. No, no, no. These are friends of mine, and they're   Spock, are you in the library?  Indeed not. We're in a wilderness of arctic characteristics.  He means it's cold.  Can you get to the library?  There is no library, Captain, at least not Explain.  Just before you disappeared, Captain, I It must have been tied in to the tape viewer Opening time portals to the past. You cross I was looking over some material about their Ice Age.  I am here, evidently, because I stepped through at the same Yes. (a mob approaches) My friends are coming On what charge?  That's a mistake. I'm no thief.  Keep talking!   Captain!   You must be close to the portal.  Keep talking now!  Jim, what's the matter? Jim sounded like he We may be in trouble ourselves. We must find shelter.  In this severe cold, we cannot survive much longer.  Leave me here, Spock.  We go together or not at all.  Don't be a fool. My hands and face are frostbitten. I can't feel We go together.  You stubborn, thickheaded Vulcan!  He's suffering from the severity of your weather. Unfortunately, I'm called Spock.  Prisoners?  Yes, we came through the time portal, but not as prisoners. We That is true. I am not from the world you know at all. My home Listen to me. I am firmly convinced that I do exist. I am I'm a stranger.  An island.  It's called Earth.  I never saw that woman before tonight. When she screamed, as far Yes, I deny it. I was reading in the library when I heard her Surely you don't believe  What he heard, my lord, were only my friends behind the wall in My lord, at least arrange for me to meet Mister Atoz.  Yes! Yes! Atoz!  Let me speak to you!  At least let me talk to you!  McCoy. McCoy, wake up.  Who are you?  Zarabeth. Spock, are we in the library?  No, we are still in the Ice Age, but safe for the moment.  Jim. What about Jim?  Doctor, you're in no condition to get up. You lie down and rest. You find him, Spock. Don't you worry about me. You just find He's our commanding officer and our friend.  He did not come with us. He was sent through the time portal to Yes, that is true. If I leave him, there's a chance he may never It should be an equation. I should be able to resolve this I remember that name from the history tapes in the library. Zor Zarabeth, I must return to Mister Atoz and the atavachron. We You cannot go back?  (standing) Spock? Where are we?  Yes, I remember you.  Come, Doctor, back to bed.  Why are you still here, Spock? Why aren't you looking for Jim?  It is impossible to look for him, Doctor. We cannot go back.  What do you mean impossible? We've got to get back.  Zarabeth explained it to me. When we came through the time Are you trying to tell me that we're trapped here?  Yes, Doctor, we are trapped. Just as Jim is trapped wherever he Cry out and I'll break it. Don't move.  I'm being falsely accused. You know that.  There are no such things as witches!  You're the only one that can hear me, and that's the truth. There I'll denounce you to the inquisitor. You came here from the Then help me.  Help me return to the library. I've lost my way. I must get back I tell you I must! I had two friends with me, who are lost in Prepared? I was not prepared. Your Mister Atoz did not prepare me Zarabeth, you are a beautiful cook. Have you Oh, well, you'll find that Spock is quite delinquent in those Oh? Well, now that I'm feeling better, you'll notice a distinct Really?  No, not yet.  Doctor McCoy is making excellent progress.  And Mister Spock has been practicing medicine without a license. And known as the worst patient in the entire crew of the I wonder where she is.  Five thousand years in the future.  Thank you.  I wonder where Jim is.  Who knows. We can only hope that he is well, wherever he is.  What do you mean, we can only hope? Haven't you done anything What was there to do?  Locate the portal. It can't be too far. We've been through all that, Doctor. What's the point of Yes, that was clear to me.  Then perhaps you were too ill to understand what can't get back Then I'll repeat it for you. Get this through your head. We Yes, I understand. I never thought I'd hear it, but I The prospect appeared quite attractive to you a moment ago.  You listen to me, you pointed-eared Vulcan.  I don't like that. I don't think I ever did, and now I'm sure.  What's happening to you, Spock?  Nothing that shouldn't have happened long ago.  Long ago. Of course. Long ago. Spock? McCoy? Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.   Scott here, Captain.  How much time before the sun blows up?   Seventeen minutes. You three had better come back right We can't, Scotty. Spock and McCoy are missing.   I knew there was trouble. I've got a landing party standing No. Under no circumstances send anyone else here without my No. Mister Atoz, my friends and I are from another planet. We No. I want to find the exact disc that they were viewing.  I'm sorry, Mister Atoz. Mister Atoz!  I'll let you out in a minute. Still up to your little game of If you help me, we won't die. I promise you that.  Which one are you now, the replica or the real one?  You don't really want to hurt me, do you? You've been trying to I'm sorry. I know of no way to return you to your own time.  Yes. I know what it is like.  If it pleases you. This is animal flesh?  Naturally, because of the climate. What is the source of heat in Excellent. Then it will be possible to build a greenhouse of But he evidently intended that you continue living.  But insensitive, to send such a beautiful woman into exile. The You are beautiful. More beautiful than any dream of beauty I've Now, you're going to help me look for my friends.  Kirk here.   What's happening? Why are you waiting?  No time to explain. Are you ready to warp out?   Aye, Captain.  Stand by to beam us up. But when that star explodes, don't wait. We'll both look, Mister Atoz. Spock. You've been dishonest with me, Spock, I've given you the facts, Doctor.  The facts as you know them. Or did you just accept Zarabeth's You were told the truth. If Zarabeth is the source, what Zarabeth is a woman condemned to a terrible life of loneliness. Did you? You said we can't get back. The truth is you can't get She would not jeopardise other lives.  She would do anything to prevent that life of loneliness. She What are you doing to her?  Are you trying to kill me, Spock? Is that what you really want? This is impossible. Impossible. I am a Vulcan.  The Vulcan you knew won't exist for another five thousand years. My ancestors are barbarians. Warlike barbarians.  Who nearly killed themselves off with their own passions. Spock, I've lost myself. I do not know who I am. Can we go back?  I know I'm going to try, Spock, because my life is back there, I didn't see it.  Bones? Spock! McCoy! You've got the wrong one.  Try again. There's no portal here, Doctor. It's hopeless.  I suppose you're right.  You're too ill to remain out here any longer. Give it up.  Bones. Spock!  I've found them. Can you still hear me?   We hear you perfectly, Captain.  Follow my voice.   Spock, McCoy, follow my voice. Do you This must be it.  What are you waiting for? Hurry!  Come on, Spock.  You start ahead, Doctor. I do not wish to part from you.  What are you waiting for? Hurry!  How much time do we have?  Scotty, how much time is there?   You've got to come aboard now.  Come on, Spock, now!  Something's wrong.  What's the matter? Why can't he get through?  Spock, McCoy, you can't get through unless you both come back at  Orders or no, I'm beaming you up first.  No! Wait!   Spock, McCoy, hurry through the portal. He had his escape planned. I'm glad he made it. Kirk to There's no further need to observe me, Doctor. As you can see, But it did happen, Spock.  Yes, it happened. But that was five thousand years ago. And she Scotty, are you there?   Now or never, Captain.  Beam us aboard and go to maximum warp as soon as we're there. What's wrong with her?  What form of radiation was it?  Janice, you must remain absolutely quiet. Those are doctor's Captain. Tricorder picking up very faint life readings. Perhaps your presence will quiet her.  I don't blame you.  I never stopped you from going on with your space work.  No, it isn't. And you punished and tortured me because of it.  We'd have killed each other.  You had your chance, Captain Kirk. You should've smothered the Doctor McCoy, your report.  We were too late, Jim. There's nothing could be done.  Was it radiation as suggested?  No, I believe it was celebium. However, Doctor Coleman Did you notice any unusual symptoms while we were gone?  No, nothing at all. She was unconscious all of the time.  Perhaps the shock of knowing what happened to her staff is part Beaming her up to the Enterprise will be less harmful than Captain Kirk to the Enterprise. Captain Kirk to the Enterprise.   Mister Scott, sir.  Mister Scott. Prepare to beam the landing party aboard plus two Doctor Coleman, accompany the patient to the Sickbay. Mister No, not entirely. We both agree it's radiation. Doctor Coleman Will it affect your arriving at a correct treatment?  It's crucial.  Well, this is especially disturbing to me for personal reasons.  Oh? I didn't know you knew her that well.  Oh, yes. It's been a long time since I saw her. I walked out on Well, you must have been very young at the time, Jim.  Youth doesn't excuse everything, Doctor McCoy. It's a very I didn't realise that. I shall do everything in my power.  Thank you. Thank you very much.  Doctor Lester is certainly a very lucky young person to have Yes, very lucky. Very lucky.  Well you'd better put a stop to it! If you allow Doctor Lester to Probably?  I tell you it can't continue.  There wasn't enough time.  He hung onto life too hard. I couldn't  Love? Him? I love the life he led. The power of a starship You are a murderer! You knew it was celebium. You could've Jim, what are you doing here?  I thought my presence might quiet Doctor Lester. It seems to have Tests with the ship's equipment shows no signs of internal Didn't Doctor Lester's staff become delirious before they went Doctor Lester could be suffering from a phaser stun as far as Doctor Coleman, Doctor McCoy has had a great deal of experience Doctor McCoy, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to take you off You can't do this! On this ship my medical authority is final!  Doctor Coleman wants to assume the full responsibility. Let him I won't allow it.  It's done! Doctor Coleman, your patient. Doctor Coleman, didn't It's not necessary, Jim. Can't you see she's coming around?  Doctor Coleman.  A sedative is not wise at this time, Captain.  Nurse Chapel, follow your instructions.   James Kirk is returning to consciousness in the body of Course, Mister Chekov.  One two seven mark eight.  Mister Sulu, set speed at warp factor two.  Warp factor two, sir.  Mister Chekov, plot a course for the Benecia Colony.  Direct course to Benecia, three seven three mark eight.  How long to the colony at our present speed?  Forty-eight hours, sir.  Mister Sulu, set course for the colony. Three seven three mark Aye, sir. Three seven three mark eight.  Captain, that will delay our work at Beta Aurigae. It means Yes, it can't be helped. We must take Doctor Lester to a place May I point out that Starbase Two is on the direct route to our How long to Starbase Two?  Seventy two hours, Captain.  It's twenty four hours too long. Doctor Lester's condition is Aye, sir.  If the diagnosis of Doctor Lester's illness is the critical They will have to serve.  Starbase Two is fully equipped and staffed with the necessary Thank you, Mister Spock, but the facilities will be of little use At maximum speed, Starbase Two would still meet the emergency.  No change of plan has been ordered, Lieutenant. Our arrival at Sir, I believe Starfleet will have to be notified that our Since the captain usually deals with Starfleet in these matters, Inform Starfleet of the delay, Lieutenant.  Continue present course. Increase speed to warp factor six.  I'll let my record speak for me.  Why are you being so defensive? There's no implied criticism of That is not the reason I'm here. I'm here because Doctor That's the opinion of an individual.  No, sir. That is the opinion of Starfleet Command. I checked There are no administrative duties required here.  As well as flagrant medical blunders.  Promotions and demotions can be politically manoeuvred. You know Not in Starfleet Headquarters, Captain. And certainly not in the I'm afraid the order will have to stand. I can only say that I appreciate the fact that you had a decision to make. I also What? What do you base that on?  Development of emotional instability and erratic mental You'll never make that charge stick. Any fool can see why you're I'll let Starfleet Command be the judge of my motives.  I won't submit to this petty search for revenge!  But you will submit to Starfleet regulations, and they state Captain Kirk here.  Sulu here, Captain. Starfleet Command is requesting additional I'll be right there. These tests should help me pinpoint the Good. Knowledge of the captain's aberrant behaviour is spreading Yes, well what worries me most is that Jim seems completely I'm afraid that is a forlorn hope, Doctor. The illness appears One of us should be able to get to him. I keep looking for an Perhaps the Surgeon General's office should be alerted.  You know headquarters, Spock. They're only interested in results Are you sure that the captain will comply with your order in his I'll use my medical authority to enforce it if necessary.  Doctor, we are treading on very thin ground. Actions such as Well, then, so be it. Our responsibility is clear.  Whatever happened to the captain on that planet must've taken Well, it's worth a try. Why don't you try to get to Doctor Well, gentlemen. I'm here, Doctor.  Jim!  She might have killed someone.  Put her in isolation in her room. Maintain a twenty four hour Captain.  How is the doctor?  Good. I have questions to ask her.  Why should he? They are my questions, therefore I am ordering Has such an order ever included his senior officers?  By all means, Lieutenant.  That's enough. That's enough. Your heart will last forever, How am I otherwise?  In the pink, as usual. Liver, kidney, blood count, metabolic Good. I hope you're as pleased about it as I am.  Don't get dressed yet.  You said I was in perfect condition.  Physically.  I don't think another test is necessary.  The Robbiani dermal-optic is crucial. It reveals the basic Complete life-entity transfer with the aid To my knowledge, such total transfer has never been accomplished That is your claim. As yet, it is unsubstantiated by any Now lower your arms and open your eyes.  At this moment Doctor McCoy is examining the That is true. The captain did not. However, those events have I believe you. However, my belief is not acceptable evidence. Well, are you satisfied with the results of There is no positive evidence of any disorder.  He is not the captain.  Certainly, Lieutenant. We all must do our duty.  No hard feelings, Bones. You did your usual thorough, good job.  I'm sure everything's going to be all right.  Captain Kirk here.  Captain Kirk to Security. On the double to Doctor Lester's room!  It's quite all right, Ensign. Everything is Phasers.  A repetition of your physical violence is not called for, sir. Attention, all personnel. First Officer Spock has been placed Surely you must have more than that to go on.  I have stated my evidence. Telepathic communication with the Your evidence is completely subjective. We have to have evidence You've had great deal of evidence, except that of the chief She's dangerously insane. We've seen the evidence.  She is dangerous only to your authority, sir.  Mister Spock. Mister Spock, my authority has been given to me by The witness, sir. Bring on the witness. Let your officers put Mister Lemli, have Doctor Janice Lester brought here.  Doctor McCoy, while Mister Spock was busy with his ambitious Examining you.  Oh, yes. You were deeply concerned about my health, emotional and Yes, that's correct.  Instead of trying to destroy me, you were searching for ways to The captain is in the best of physical condition. His emotional Thank you, Doctor McCoy. Mister Spock, were you aware of Doctor I know them now.  And what have you to say now?  I am disappointed and deeply concerned that there is no We certainly appreciate your being here. Everyone is deeply aware Oh. Well. However, as I understand it, I am Doctor Janice Lester. A subtlety that somehow escapes me. I assume that this switch was Violence by the lady, perpetrated on Captain Kirk? I ask the Are you prepared with witnesses? One will do.  Sir, there is only one issue here. Is the story of life-entity Mister Spock, have you ever heard of a case such as described by Not precisely, no.  Oh. Assuming that you are correct in your belief, do you expect I expect only to reveal the truth.  And with the truth revealed, that I am not really the captain, And what will become of Doctor Lester?  Doctor Lester will be cared for always. It is a debt and a No, sir. I shall not withdraw a single charge that I have made. Lieutenant Lysa, play back those last two sentences from Mister  You do not belong in charge of the Enterprise and I shall You heard the statements placed into the record by you. Do you I do. And I stand by it.  (thumping the table) It is mutiny! Deliberate, vindictive, insane Yes, sir. An immediate vote before our chief witness can be left Silence. You will be silent! A recess has been declared. There Scotty.  Doctor. Doctor, I've seen the captain feverish, sick, drunk, I've been through this with Spock. He's not being scientific and It may not be scientific, but if Mister Spock thinks it Don't you think I know that? My tests show there's nothing wrong Headquarters has its problems, and we have ours. And right now, I don't know.  Aye, you know, all right. It'll stick in his craw. He'll never We don't know that.  I tell you, he won't. Then, Doctor, that's the time we move We're talking about mutiny, Scotty.  Aye. Are you ready for the vote?  Yes. I'm ready for the vote.  Play the tapes of the conversation in the  We're talking about mutiny, Scotty.   Aye. Are you ready for the vote?  That's enough. We know what was said.  Enough to convict you of conspiracy with mutineers. And you're so Starfleet expressly forbids the death penalty.  All my senior officers turning against me?  The death penalty is forbidden. There's only one exception.  General Order Four. It has not been violated by any officer on I am responsible. The execution will be immediate. Go to your Mister Lemli, take them to the brig. Prepare for execution. Go The captain really must be going mad if he Captain Kirk wouldn't order an execution even if he were going What difference does it make who he is? Are we going to allow an If security backs him up, how will we fight him?  I'll fight them every way and any way I can.  Lieutenant Lysa, inform all sectors of my decision. Have each Coming within scanning range.  Plot co-ordinates for orbit. Mister Sulu, lock into co-ordinates Perhaps you were.  Then it's possible the transference can be broken.  The bridge is where you belong.  To accomplish that, each one of us must be ready to seize any Arthur, the transference is weakening.  For a moment, I found myself back with the prisoners. I will not I can't. I can't. The crew is in mutiny. You must kill her for Then do it for yourself. If Kirk doesn't die, we'll both be The dosage should be doubly lethal.  To prevent further conspiracy, you will be removed to separate May I point out, Captain  Kill him! Kill him!  Can you do anything for her?  Of course. Come with me.  I didn't want to destroy her.  I'm sure we all understand that, Captain.  Her life could have been as rich as any woman's, if only. If