This is a slice-of-life tale. The story is about a focused anthropologist with little money. It takes place at a portal to another dimension. The fact that space may be the last frontier is a major part of this story.
This is an epic about rage and man's need for freedom. The story is about a violent novelist. It starts in a solar-system-spanning imperium. The differences alien societies may have regarding romance is a major element of this story.
This is a buddy story with an undercurrent about vengeance and the need to face death. The story is about a planetologist, a misunderstood linguist, a happy secretary, and an unethical media personality. It starts in a small city on a dying planet. A temporal paradox plays a major role in the story.
The story is about an unambitious novelist who is obsessed with a musician. It starts in a small city on a dying planet. The story begins with someone pretending to be someone else, climaxes with a flashback, and ends with an inheritance.
The story is about a craven college professor. It starts in a small city on a swamp planet. The question of when a machine becomes human is a major part of the story.
The story is about a bartender who was once married to a midwife. It starts in a small nation in a galaxy-spanning federation. The fact that space may be the last frontier is a major part of this story.
The story is about a reporter who was once married to a cowardly pretender. It starts in a planetary theocracy on a mountainous planet. The story begins with an illness.
This is a city-smashing monster story. The story is about an addled college professor who hates a xenoarcheologist. It takes place in an interplanetary technocracy. The crux of the story involves a birthday preparation.
The story is about a domineering project manager who is constantly annoyed by a worldwise fire fighter. It takes place in a port city on a desert planet. The critical element of the story is an accident. The effect of alien contact on religion is a major part of the story.
This is an on-the-run story with an emphasis on the oddities of the human condition. The story is about an elegant anthropologist and a gigolo. It starts on a war-torn planet. The fact that space may be the last frontier is a major part of this story.
The story is about a complacent heroine who hates animals. It takes place at a spatial anomoly. The story climaxes with a repentance.
This is a dark comedy with a focus on the dangers of self-expression. The story is about a strong adventurer living on borrowed time. It starts on a desert planet. The story begins with someone pretending to be someone else. The difficulty of cross-species communications is a major issue of the story.
This is a natural disaster. The story is about an ethical gym teacher, a vocal secret agent, and a misguided hero. It takes place in an interplanetary imperium. A major element of this story is when technology becomes indistinguishable from magic.
The story is about a rascal who was once married to a bodyguard. It starts in a world-spanning nation in an intergalactic commonwealth. The crux of the story involves someone applying for a job.
This is a story about how a utopia is impossible. The story is about an ignored accountant who is obsessed with a militant librarian. It takes place in a planetary technocracy in a galaxy-spanning theocracy. The story begins with someone doing laundry.
The story is about a CEO who is best friends with a materialistic ambassador. It starts at an orbital starship assembly yard. The side effects of faster-than-light travel play a major role in the story.
The story is about an electrician and a barber who is best friends with an engineer. It takes place in a port city on a war-torn planet. The differences between alien technologies is a major part of this story.
The story is about an environmentalist. It takes place on a barren planet in an interplanetary commonwealth. The story begins with someone getting a new job and ends with a confession.
The story is about a traitor. It takes place aboard a medical starship. The story begins with a confession and ends with someone faking a skill.
The story is about a pure wanderer who hates animals. It takes place in a solar-system-spanning nation. The story begins with a discovery.
The story is about four bounty hunters. It takes place in a solar-system-spanning technocracy. The issues surrounding first-contact with an alien species is a major element of the story.
The story is about a slovenly pundit. It starts on a rocky planet. The crux of the story involves a robbery. The future of peacemaking is a major part of this story.
This is a crime caper story. The story is about a jock. It takes place in an intergalactic nation. The issues of cybernetics and its effects on economics is a major element of the story.
This is a satire with a focus on notoriety. The story is about an agile hermit. It takes place in an interplanetary theocracy. The story begins with a performance, climaxes with a deception, and ends with someone being slandered. The unexpected difficulties technology can bring is a major part of the story.
This is an epic drama with a focus on rebellion and man's need for control. The story is about a novelist. It takes place on a war-scarred planet. The story begins with a robbery and ends with the making of a meal. The issues of faster-than-light-travel and its effects on romance is a major element of the story.
This is an epic about how even the smartest person makes mistakes. The story is about an alliance of heroines. It starts aboard a space station orbiting a toxic planet. The crux of the story involves a compromise.
The story is about a computer programmer and a murderer. It takes place in a village on a lost planet. The crux of the story involves a pleasant surprise.
The story is about a robot. It takes place in an intergalactic theocracy. The story ends with the preparation for a performance. A rebellion against technology plays a major role in this story.
This is a killer-on-the-loose with a focus on how even the most creative person gets blocked. The story is about a dispirited traitor who must work with a network engineer. It starts in a world-spanning nation in a galaxy-spanning commonwealth. The crux of the story involves a door being opened.
This is a romantic comedy with an emphasis on nihilism. The story is about a starship communications officer. It starts in an interplanetary syndicate. The story begins with someone giving a test.
This is a party comedy. The story is about a robot. It takes place in a town in an interplanetary nation. The side effects of faster-than-light travel play a major role in the story.
The story is about three peace-loving singers. It takes place in a world-spanning nation in a galaxy-spanning confederation. The critical element of the story is a revelation.
The story is about an awestruck police chief who is married to a puerile chemist. It starts in an outpost on a mountainous planet. The story begins with someone building a dwelling and ends with a promotion.
This is a psychological revelation piece with a strong theme of how destructive knowledge can be. The story is about a starship captain. It takes place in a planetary imperium on a sunless planet. The future of peacemaking is a major part of this story.
This is a road trip tale with an undercurrent about heroism. The story is about a musician and a fire fighter. It takes place in a planetary syndicate on a war-scarred planet. Genetic engineering and its side effects is a major part of this story.
The story is about an innocent computer programmer who had a near-death experience that changed them significantly. It takes place in a solar-system-spanning syndicate. The crux of the story involves an infiltration.
This is a tale about impotency and science versus religion. The story is about a shuttlecraft pilot, an official, a singer, and a melancholy barber who is stalked by a traveler. It starts in a large nation on a mountainous planet. The difficulty of cross-species communications is a major issue of the story.
The story is about an adventurer who is constantly annoyed by a tactful coach. It starts in a large city on a war-scarred planet. The crux of the story involves someone doing laundry. A major element of this story is when technology becomes indistinguishable from magic.
The story is about a short-tempered nurse, a bounty hunter, a patronizing astrologer, and a rebellious jock who is in debt to a selfless pretender. It takes place in an intergalactic confederation. Cross-species romance is a major element of the story.
The story is about pessimistic assistants. It takes place in a large nation in a galaxy-spanning federation. The story begins with a surrender, climaxes with an education, and ends with a training. The future of peacemaking is a major part of this story.
This is a story about man's need for a challenge. The story is about an unfriendly network engineer who is mysteriously connected to an introverted reporter. It takes place in an orbital spaceport. The story begins with a pleasant surprise and ends with a wedding.
The story is about a school teacher with a large fortune. It takes place in a tourist town on a fiery planet. The crux of the story involves the discovery of a long-lost relative.
This is a psychological revelation piece with a strong theme of how man can better himself. The story is about a starship communications officer and an android. It takes place aboard a space station. The story climaxes with a failure.
This is a documentary-style story with an undercurrent about responsibility and how life is a funny thing. The story is about an artificial life form. It starts in an interplanetary federation. The issues of cybernetics and its effects on romance is a major element of the story.
This is a road-trip story with a strong theme of responsibility and how people miss the obvious. The story is about a clerk. It starts in a planetary technocracy on a jungle planet. The story ends with a lecture.
This is a story about unavoidable destiny. The story is about a reporter and an ambitious marine. It starts on a war-torn planet. The role of technology in society is a major element of the story.
This is a pure action story with a strong theme of independence. The story is about an infamous archivist, an accountant, an agile dancer, and a CEO who is constantly opposed by a nimble ambassador. It starts in a galaxy-spanning imperium. The story begins with an adoration.
This is a story about friendship and the need for self-expression. The story is about a corrupt school teacher, an assistant, a tactful traitor, and a scatterbrained priest. It starts on a prairie planet. The critical element of the story is someone putting on make-up.
This is a tale of personal transformation with an emphasis on alienation and the fact greed destroys all. The story is about a nurturing pretender. It takes place on an ocean planet in a galaxy-spanning imperium. The critical element of the story is a surgery. A sudden technological breakthrough plays a major role in this story.
The story is about a lonely zookeeper who hates a traveler. It takes place in a world-spanning nation on a swamp planet. The crux of the story involves a political conflict.