Below is my story of meeting Teonanacatl, the Aztec Mushroom Spirit. This experience has deepened my respect for the very real intelligence contained in the mushroom and all other plants. Not only was I given profound insights, but Mushroom *physically* interacted with me, moving my body and teaching me about the plant world.

My car broke down earlier in the day, forcing me to curtail my Saturday plans and spend the afternoon at home. I decided to commune with Mushroom, since it was a gorgeous sunny day and I was feeling unusually calm and at peace. I even felt a vague sense of purpose, as if my car breaking down was intentional, so that I would be at home for this journey. I feel great respect for Mushroom's spirit, and as usual I cleared my mind, spoke my intent to the mushrooms I was about to eat, told Mushroom I love him, then asked Mushroom to teach me about trust. I had been feeling a strange separation from my friends and I knew it was because I was missing a depth of trust in them. I ate about 3 grams, just a portion of my stash. I usually eat piece by piece until the mushrooms let me know I've hit the right dose.

I smoked a small bowl of cannabis, then meditated with the music of Bach for about 30 minutes, glowing in a stream of sunlight from my back porch. I thanked the mushroom spirit for his wisdom and caring, and again repeated my love for him. This is a great way to endear Mushroom to you, though of course your love and gratitude must be sincere. As the mushrooms took over my senses, I moved to my bedroom, laid in bed, and closed my eyes. I kept repeating the word 'trust' and over time Mushroom began speaking back, reminding me to keep on trusting. He made it clear that the lesson in trust I desire begins with trust in him.

As my ego dissolved, about an hour into the trip, Mushroom showed me the great abundance and miracle that is my life. I suddenly saw the vast gifts I had created and been given, coupled with the infinite range of life's possibilities, and I felt a deep gratitude for everything in my life. I saw myself as a gorgeous ethereal being, strong in ability, able to move anywhere, able to make anything happen. This was not an ego trip, of course, it was a spiritual revelation about the truth of my being, the truth of *all* human beings, that it is our ego that *blocks* us from realizing and manifesting the possibilities.

A few insights and visions passed, then I felt a pressure on me, a force delving deep into my spirit. Instinctively I blocked it, but Mushroom asked me to trust, that he had to get at something in my soul. He said it would hurt momentarily, but that it was necessary to clear this blockage. I said okay, I trust you. I actually felt something like fingers dig around inside me and pluck something loose. Suddenly I began wretching, letting out dry heaves, coughs, and tears. I knew that I was purging out whatever blockage Mushroom had just released.

A tremendous wave of intense emotional energy surged and overtook me. I began bawling as I saw my friends together in a group, smiling and waving at me, inviting me to play with them. I realized I had been unduly mistrusting them, not seeing their love for me, completely missing the boat of friendship, and I surged with love for them and for myself. The intense emotion lasted a while, then as it faded I realized I had to pee. But Mushroom wouldn't let me, he told me again to trust him and trust my body, that I don't have to pee right now, that I have more lessons to learn first.

After a few more insights, Mushroom gave me permission to get up and go to the bathroom. I did so, washed my hands, then realized I was losing control of my fingers. I felt a force from within me trying to move my body, as if I were possessed. I closed my eyes and could see a vague human form, not my own, entering my body. I gave Mushroom permission to take me, I reiterated my trust, relaxed my body completely, and offered myself to him.

Suddenly my arms began moving of their own accord. I soon realized that I was being pulled towards the front of my apartment. I followed the tug, my arms outstretched, as if hands were gripping them and pulling me. The tug became a yank and I barreled to my front window, where my house plants are kept. My body collapsed in front of the largest plant (I'm afraid I don't know the species name) and I became awash in the plant's energy. I held one of the larger leaves to my face and I could feel intense healing energy entering my body. I began uttering deep, guttural, lion-like breaths as the energy of the plant coursed through me.

Mushroom then began teaching me. He told me this plant specializes in healing and that if I approach it correctly I can tap into its energy whenever I want. As I continued to bask in the energy, Mushroom then told me something startling: he said humans were long ago taken over by anti-plant spirits, spirits bent on destroying the plants, and that since that time there has been a battle raging between the plant spirits and the anti-plant spirits. He said the plants have been trying desperately to wake up humanity to this, but humans are still under the spell of the other forces. I declared my alliance with the plant spirits and I pledged to learn and live as a plant steward.

I sat back, my body limp, feeling rejuvenated, not to mention in utter awe at what was happening. Then my arms began moving again. As they rose up and moved around, I asked what was going on. I said 'you're enjoying messing with my body, aren't you?'. I could then *feel* a sigh in my mind, and my arms suddenly went limp. What I didn't realize was Mushroom was trying to get me to get up and move, but since I didn't respond he let go in frustration and instructed the plant that was just healing me to push me away. The healing energy I was soaking in suddenly became rigid and I was physically pushed away by the plant. My body felt the force of it and moved back, which confused me at first. Thinking the plant was angry with me, I stood up and apologized to it for whatever I did or didn't do. But then my right arm started moving and was again tugged, this time towards the back of my apartment.

It was as if a hand was gripping my arm, pulling me towards my back porch. I again barreled in the direction of Mushroom's pull, but when I reached the porch I yanked my arm back and said 'wait a minute!'. I told Mushroom I was confused by this interaction, that I don't really like being yanked around, and that I needed a moment to get my bearings. He gave me a minute, then started lightly pulling at my arm, towards my back window. I looked out the window and saw my garden in the backyard. I acknowledged the garden. Mushroom said 'good, now let's go outside.'

Once again my arm was being tugged, this time towards the door to outside. I live in a densely populated city, therefore I was very reluctant, telling Mushroom I was uncomfortable going outside while tripping, since people could see me, and I sure as heck didn't want people see me with my arms flailing around. Much to my surprise, Mushroom grabbed my foot and spun my leg around! He then grabbed both arms, tugging me towards outside. I reiterated my fear of being seen, but Mushroom repeated his request to trust him, so I said okay, but told him I had to put my outside slippers on first.

I couldn't find the slippers, so I asked Mushroom for help. He told me they were in my kitchen under the ironing board. I checked and voila, there they were. I put on my slippers and walked towards the door.

I could feel Mushroom leading me, tugging at my spirit as I walked towards the garden. I kneeled in front of the new strawberry plants that were just planted there, but then I began to feel self conscious just kneeling and tripping while I could hear my neighbors, wondering what they'd think if they saw me. So I hurried back inside, which made Mushroom a bit frustrated. He told me again to trust him, that if I felt self conscious kneeling by the garden I could instead sit in a chair, so if someone saw me I'd just be relaxing, enjoying the evening breeze. I wasn't sure there was a chair in my backyard, but I trusted him and went back outside. True to his word, a lawn chair was sitting against the back wall of my house, so I pulled it up and took a seat.

Mushroom told me to look down at the grass. As I did so, the lawn began morphing like it was animate life, the energy of the grass being made visually apparent to me. My cat was by my side this whole time (which was unusual since he usually likes to roam) and he was chewing on some of the grass. I asked Mushroom if the grass minded my cat stomping and eating them and he said of course they don't mind, that's what the grass is for, indeed that is what all plants are for: nourishment and healing. It is when we cut and burn and trash that the plants get angry with us.

I then felt Mushroom wanting me to get up. At this point he was fading, and he had a resultant urgency, tugging at me to move. I got up, thinking he wanted me to take a walk. I walked out into the alley behind my house, but I was misinterpreting Mushroom's request. No matter where I walked, Mushroom kept trying to pull me back the other way. It wasn't until later that I realized Mushroom was pulling me back to my garden, but his messages were so weak by this point I was getting frustrated not understanding them (and so was he). I walked around my block twice, back and forth through my alley, thinking I was supposed to be getting some sort of clue.

I eventually slumped back into the lawn chair, and asked Mushroom for one final sign. A robin swooped in and perched on my neighbor's garage, faced me, sang a little song, then took off over my head. The garden was directly in between me and the robin, a clear sign of where Mushroom wanted me to go. I got up to get close to the garden again, but by then Mushroom was too weak to teach me anything. I asked Mushroom if there was anything more or if I can go back inside. Mushroom gave me one last tug in exasperation, pulling me in one final annoyed effort towards my house, as if to say 'Fine! Go back inside! I'm through with you anyway.' I could feel his disappointment in my missing his lesson.

I went back into my apartment and laid down on my bed. I was feeling awful, like I really had let Mushroom down. I got up, put my hand into my stash, feeling the remaining mushrooms vibrating in resonance against my fingers, and I told Mushroom I love him and trust him, and I apologized for not getting his lesson. His last message to me was 'trust that I love you, too.'

Before I start I’d like to say that my experience doesn’t seem like your common trip on shrooms from reading numerous other experiences.

I live in South Africa, and wanted to visit my good buddy in London, since it had been a year since I had seen him. I was only supposed to spend 1 week there but it turned out to be 2 months. The week I was there actually ended up being the coldest week they’ve had in 4 years or something, so it was snowing and everything (late February 2005)

It was on my last whole day there when him and I went down to Camden market where magic mushrooms are very popular, so he suggested we should try since it was my last day, so I was up for it and agreed. I had only smoked cannabis before and had never tried a psychedelic, so this was all very new to me. I also didn’t have much knowledge on what the effect of the shrooms would be, and when choosing, there was a list telling you what the effect would have, eg; humorous, philosophical, and a couple of others, I forget.

So we were up for the ones that would apparently make everything seem very humorous, since I didn’t want to have any serious effects taking me on. On the way home (staying in a commune) we got some take away pizza (now this was in the evening/nite), then we just sorted out all the crap we had bought and chilled in the living with the tv.

We smoked a J while eating our pizza, then came out the shrooms and we each had 5 (duno how many grams that is). We 1st had them by themselves, then we put them on our pizza and chowed them away. We were watching Takeshi’s Castle at the time, which is a hilarious Japanese game show. At 1st it was only the weed that was making things seem funny and it wasn’t till 30min later when the shrooms started to take effect.

Just before it did, or in the very beginning of it, the TV was on MTV Dance, and the song “Spitfire” by The Prodigy came on… it was the most mind blowing experience of seeing and hearing a music video. That music video is the most incredible one I’ve ever seen in my life, and the track was out of this world! I came closer to the screen and just stared in awe at the screen. I felt a deeper connection to it. I understood the track in a much deeper way and connected with it on a much higher state of consciousness as though The Prodigy created it also in such a state of mind themselves and I was able to meet them there in that higher state.

I got back to the couch I was on and then in a moment the shrooms were hitting me. you don’t even realize that your in a different state of mind. Its like the moments before you fall asleep and start dreaming, your in no way aware of the shift. I felt as though I was actually truly fully awake now, broken out of the system of ‘reality’ and realized that everyone in this reality is in a deep sleep away from the real life, that within every ones minds there are a huge amount of sealed doors preventing humanity from seeing deeper, from understanding how life actually works and the shrooms were a key to those doors.

In the beginning stages I could actually feel my mind accelerating higher and higher and actually starting to use the dormant 92% in our brains. My mind was absorbing an incredible amount of information at a massive speed and processing the existence of everything in my mind, making perfect clear sense of it all, and making me realize the true reasons behind everything. During these moments sitting in the lounge I could see green holographic numbers/symbols/designs all around just hanging and shifting into different number/symbols in the air. These holograms had an extremely advanced technological appearance and I could manipulate them with my hands. It was as though these holograms existed in another dimension and my mind was tuned to the frequency of that dimension.

At 1st those holograms were the only things that I could see as a result of the shrooms. The world around me was not distorted/shifting or changing at all. It was just how it was as you would see it in a sober state of mind. The dimension was overlaying this reality so I was existing in two frequencies at once (our dimension of existence and this other super dimension).

The bigger part of these moments was me absorbing in all this information about the design of life. It goes into tremendous detail, but I’ve realized that every tiny thing happens for a reason, that everything is linked, everyone is equal and that words are not enough. My friend was experiencing the exact same thing. Then these Italian people who were staying there came home, my buddy looked at me and I understood that I’ve got to now conceal and snap out of the depth I was at, as to not alert them that we were tripping. The holograms then vanished or shifted into something much less.

Then we looked around and became aware of the physical world around us. The living room was in a state of disaster, with ash and trash all over the floor. We tried to clean it up, but that was impossible. Our bodies weren’t functioning in order, and we found that quite amusing. We looked at the clock and it was 3am. Time shot by and we didn’t even realize it. We were both so deep in another state of mind accessing this knowledge, that the world around us became unnoticeable, and forgotten about.

We then decided we needed to get to bed because I was catching a flight that coming day. Now comes my peak. We got upstairs to our beds. We were sleeping on a double bunk bed, and my bud was on the top bunk, me the bottom. I just lay there in the darkness thinking now I would fall asleep. I was lying on my side looking out into the dark room with just a little light coming through the window from outside. This is where the most incredible dimension appeared. It was as though in this small room, I could see this infinite holographic dimension where time did not exist, where there was no beginning nor end and it was forever in all aspects and I could comprehend infinite. My vision was perfect, since I wasn’t looking with my eyes, because when I closed my eyes and I could still see everything.

The dimension appeared as this extremely complex and super-technologically advanced holographic matrix of energy and life. Everything I saw I understood. Nothing was a confusion to me, it all made perfect sense. Such of what I saw cannot be related to anything here on earth since it is based on very different principles. The technology in this dimension made star wars seem prehistoric in comparison, and even that is an extreme under statement. But that still is a bad comparison because star wars relies on physical, human, earthly and limited characteristics, where the principles of this dimension relied on totally different principles.

I could see and feel all these tiny glowing spirit like entities all linked to each other (trillions of them, and I could see them and understand them all perfectly). These were living spirits of life here on earth, and I could feel them all communicating with each other, and they were all trying to help each other with progress to this final point and I was apart of all this and I was wanting to get there too. I could see and feel the spirits of everyone I know, my family and my friends. I felt as though they were always here in this dimension, that everyone knows it all, that they were all aware of how things truly are already.

During my experience I felt I could not fully be there in the dimensions to help, and I came to know that the only way I could was to commit suicide, to release my spirit from its prison, the earthly body. The life I experienced in the dimensions were of such a greater magnitude and of unparalleled importance to that of the life here. Life here seemed a total nothingness in comparison. I said to myself that no one will understand this, that they would not be capable of comprehending if I had to commit suicide over such a matter to help in the bigger picture.

We have just all been disconnected from our spirits and I could understand that everyone’s spirit knows everything, you just have to be connected to your spirit again for you to start downloading all that knowledge.

With how this dimension was working, I could hear these technological sounds emitting off with the workings of things. I only realized after that there is quite a lot of trance type music with these sound effects. 1 song in particular that pulls it off extremely well, is from a song called, ‘resurrection’ by Ppk (discovered this song months after my experience). After the intro of beats and tunes, it goes quiet and these sound effects start in the silence. Those sound effects are just what they sound like. You’ll know when they start. Then I knew the music artist experienced the same dimension as I did because he was trying to simulate the sound effects.

Light and Dark. It got to the point where the information I was downloading was beginning to become way too heavy on me because I was getting too deep and it was becoming very frightening even though I was absorbing all this information with my at the time very powerful super computer like brain. I was lying on my back and everything was very bright, but in this brightness there was this same insane holographic technology, it was just a lighter shade of green.

I could also hear everything just rocketing forward in progress (I could hear jet engine type sounds rocketing). In the light was where I was able to download more knowledge and I could see and feel everyone in the light accessing more and more knowledge as well, and they were all trying to keep each other in the light to keep on learning even though it gets extremely difficult, because the more you learn the further away from this reality you become and you’ll get to the point where you’ll get so far away from this reality that eventually in reality you’ll end up going crazy because your mind cannot safely contain all that sort of knowledge. It’s like connecting a 100000V battery to a little hand held fan. It will go the speed of light for a second and then just totally burn out/blow up.

In the light I could feel energies that had their fill of the light wanted to leave the light and return to darkness but then later come back to the light. You need to take a balanced dosage of the dark and light to stay sane. But if you wanted to leave the light all the energies in the light would try their absolute best to keep you in the light. But the energies in the dark have a great pull on you too toward the dark because they can also feel when you are going too deep, and most of the energy in the dark never turns to light to learn, they just stay away. So it’s like a tug of war from both sides. I could hear voiced in the light “its going to be ok/ we are going to make it/ hang in there” then at the same time I’d hear energies in the light moaning “I can't take it/ its too much/” and the positive energies in the light would try motivate them to stay in the light.

The Darkness… when I lay on my stomach, everything would become pitch black, and there was no technology here. Being in the dark I could feel all the energies in the light trying to get me back. I could hear a universe of voices, I thought I was going to go crazy! The voices from the dark side tried to pull people from the light to the dark saying “it’s not worth it/ go back later/ you cant do this to yourself” The darkness was where nothing could be learned, I also could hear the rocket like engines failing and everything moving backward.

In the light I felt a forever, I honestly truly thought that this state of mind would never cease that what I was experiencing was the next stage of life, and in the dark I felt I could return to reality. I could feel the trip was slightly wearing off for a second, but at the same time I felt I was feeling a progressive disconnection from my spirit and was beginning to fall asleep back into reality. The dark and light did not neccessarily symbolize good and evil, more like what is easy and what is difficult, what is truth and what is not.

The trip was barely wearing off and I couldn’t decide between dark and light so I kept tossing and turning, then I tried to lie on my side to balance it out so I didn’t have to decide, but that almost created a very bad disturbance for me. I wasn’t speaking to my bud through all this but out of nowhere I heard him say “think of orange.” Strangely enough that did relieve me for a little. What I could see was not colours, but just the thought of it in my mind, and I realized that the colours people choose to use in life play a much deeper hidden role.

There seemed to be a great one absolute in my experience and I could decode all the signs of people in reality trying to give on a message of such. I’m not sure what this ONE thing was, but it was something of the greatest magnitude. If you are alert and know what to look for in reality you will be able to see the hidden messages and signs that EVERYONE is expressing in trying to teach us with the truth, they are almost subconsciously/without knowing it, are getting out a bit of it.

In this time there was this Italian couple arguing downstairs in Italian, so I eventually paid attention to what it was all about, then when I paid attention I could hear the Italian quickly shift into English. Anyway…

When I had to choose I felt as though time was counting down quickly and something TERRIBLE would happen if I didn’t choose (time existed now, but it was a different form of time) eventually everything just became way too much on me and as much as I wanted it to go away and I just wanted things to go back to normal, I knew they wouldn’t unless I did something like knock myself out, but that was dangerous because I didn’t want to kill myself. Eventually I got up out of my bed and went downstairs, I opened the door to outside, took one step outside, and that’s all I can remember. I hit a blank then fade into these crazy terrifying realistic type dreams awhile later with no real relation to my trip, and the dreams seem to carry on forever.

Two weeks later I start to slowly gain consciousness but would slip in and out of consciousness for about another 2 weeks, after awhile I realized I was in the Royal London Hospital!! Weirdly enough I felt as though everything was normal and there was no need to ask any questions, because things felt totally 100% normal. After a week during my unstable consciousness I was able to grasp the fact that a 4 TON TRUCK had actually smashed me to the ground… apparently I was jogging without shoes, and the truck driver thought I would stop at the intersection, but I didn’t and ran right in front of it.

After having five or six pints of Blue Moon, I got up the balls to try this trippy herb. It smelled harmless enough, like something you’d find growing amid the undergrowth of a dark forest, or the way damp straw smells covering freshly-sewn grass seed. This was a first-time experience and, wary of any exhalation affecting my cats, I decided to smoke it out of doors. I stood on the balcony and took a deep drag from my little glass pipe. The cloud I blew out tasted almost metallic--what I would describe as the flavor of neon gas calmly lining the interior of a glass vacuum--but not at all harsh. What a gorgeous, vibrant leaf-colored, warm sunlit, blue-sky autumn day it is. This was my last thought before turning to walk up the stairs leading to my loft, but I must have taken one step and collapsed on the first couple of carpeted stairs.

My next recordable sensation was being lifted or floating up through a green corridor whose walls had no tangible structure—as if they were incorporeal and the bright green color swarmed around me tightly with a cylindrical shape if any shape at all. The sense of a warm, green birth canal comes to mind on writing this, but at the moment I really didn’t have the brain power to conceive metaphors or similes. Within this green floating space, I heard a woman’s voice. “Come on, buddy,” she said repeatedly. “Come on, we’re almost there.” Her voice was soothing and the next visualizations I had included a vivid, floating red square in front of me, and above that, this woman’s face.

I had no idea who she was, but in reality the crimson square was the red t-shirt worn by my girlfriend of four years, and the voice was hers, too. Tabitha really was there, pulling me up the stairs; she knew I was going downstairs to smoke the stuff, so she wasn’t completely shocked to see me in such a zombified state. Despite her profound anxiety over my condition, she had the wise sense to keep smiling and comforting me so as not to alarm me or send me into some anxiety-driven fit. The moment immediately preceding my inhalation, she was upstairs in front of my computer reading one or two experiences, so she fairly knew what to expect… but 20 seconds later she found me at the bottom of the stairs with my eyes wide open, glaring at her with an expression of deep fear and helplessness. I didn’t particularly feel afraid, but the look on my face betrayed otherwise, Tabitha said.

What I did feel was the sensation of floating up the cozy green corridor (my stairwell is in fact painted a bright, neon Post-It Note kind of green) and although my motor skills were virtually nonexistent, I managed to propel myself up the stairs with her while she tugged on me and assured me that things were okay. “Come on, buddy,” she kept saying and it took several seconds for me to understand language again until I was trying to figure out where the hell I was, and why I was just now being born; I felt like a toddler in nursery school and this pleasant-looking face who was comforting me was the embodiment of my teacher or babysitter, yet I could only make out her face hovering above a red square…

or perhaps I was an infant and hadn’t yet learned to speak at all, which was confusing because I also had the sense that I’d learned a lot and forgotten it—as if the hard drive containing all that I’d ever learned and seen in my 32 years of learning and seeing things had crashed. I felt like I’d left that heap of experience at the bottom of the stairs, as if the landscape of my mind had completely vanished, and this was troubling because part of me wanted it back but there was positively nothing I could do about it. I was indeed helpless—only on reflection can I say that I felt like a small child or perhaps a mentally handicapped person; again, in the moment I didn’t have the brain power to articulate to myself, “Am I retarded? Is this what it feels like to be a mindless person or a really young child, since it’s been so long since I was a really young child and have forgotten what it felt like? …Is this death? Is it birth? Or rebirth?” I was merely sensing things with no higher cognitive capabilities, perhaps the way an insect might perceive things roaming about the earth—not understanding anything but merely reacting to variations of light and temperature. Frankly, I didn’t even have the wherewithal to feel worried about my state.

The physical sensation I had overall was comparable to that feeling of sleep paralysis (known as hypnopompic paralysis), where you’re aware of being awake, yet you can’t open your eyes or move a muscle. Perhaps what kept me from feeling slightly freaked out is that I did have the colorful visuals and wasn’t confined to just blackness behind my eyelids. And even though Tabitha’s face and voice weren’t at all familiar to me, she was certainly comforting. This all occurred within the time it took for us to lumber up the stairs; apparently, Tabitha was hauling me up like a wounded soldier, and I’d slobbered quite a bit on myself. (Is ptyalism a common side-effect? Is it coincidence that the words salvia and saliva are one letter transposed apart? Yes, actually it is coincidence.) Naturally, I had no awareness of the drooling I’d done.

Near the top of the stairs, I began to come around and could finally put some words together, but initially they were incoherent. I felt like I had a huge smile on my face during this ascension (toward heaven?) and now I felt certain I’d left something at the bottom of the stairs, and it had to be my whole life experience and I think I pointed toward it, but we came to find what I’d left down there was my pipe. Rat farts! Nothing magnificent or preternatural about that.

Now I was on my feet again and talking to Tabitha. I exclaimed gleefully that this was fantastic and I hopped around the room excitedly, whooping joyously. Second by second, I could feel the effects waning, and I had certainly regained my sense of self because during the stairwell trip I really had no idea who I was or what plane of existence I was on. Probably I was more excited about surviving the experience than the experience itself; experiencing new things is something that will always infuse me with passion, and I understood that this particular sensation was not something I could have achieved on my own. Within minutes I was back to normal, which means I was slightly drunk from the Blue Moons… and I was in a delightful mood. Tabitha remained shaken by the expression on my face in the stairwell and my utter inability to speak. She said I “looked like Jack Nicholson after the lobotomy.” 1

So I drank another beer and ate two small mushroom caps that I had in my fridge with the rest of my stash. For the next hour I gleaned information from Tabitha’s perspective and tried my best to delineate all I’d seen in those few seconds of the trip. Despite her description of the fear she felt for me at the bottom of the stairs, I figured it would be worth trying again. But this time we agreed I should lie down on my bed, and it was dark outside by now so no light came in from the window. We turned on the song Wake Up by Layne Staley because we felt its blues-inspired sexy, groovy peaceful sound would provide a calming aural environment.

After another huge hit, I set down the pipe and sat on the bed and immediately was unconscious. Tabitha reported that whilst reclining on the bed I began to make choking sounds, and this time I’d drooled on myself even more—something like 10 CCs of slobber—and I’d decorated my shirt with it plenty. But Tabitha was now seriously worried about the possibility of me choking on my own juice, so she sat me upright, noting that my limbs and torso were completely dead weight and all I could do for the next thirty seconds was lean forward, crouched on my own lap, and this time my eyes were shut. I’d managed to say, “This isn’t good,” just before passing out entirely and then anything else I tried to say came out as complete gibberish. Close to panic because she felt responsible for letting me go on the trip again, Tabitha steeled her exterior once more and kept assuring me (and herself) that it would be okay. “I love you, buddy. I love you and it’s going to be okay,” she refrained for about two minutes… which she declares seemed like a much longer window of time because I wasn’t responding, just slumped there drooling on myself. My memory of hearing her talk to me—because I had absolutely no visuals—is tenuous at best. Very vague if not nonexistent. This sucks because it means the trip itself was nonexistent for this second go-around.

“What? What? …Where am I? What happened?” I muttered suddenly. Then I opened my eyes and spouted, “I’m okay? Okay, I’m back. Woo!” and I sprang up from the bed because now I was experiencing spectacular visuals. Every surface I looked at was surrounded by a tight gold and blue glow, a solid 2mm thick line of pure light—the bookcase, the door frame, Tabitha’s face, my hand and fingers were all encased in this light yet the essence of it glowed brightest around living things. I was talking and feeling celebratory now as I stood in the threshold of my doorway under the red rope lights that illume my loft, but I may not have been making much sense. I was trying to articulate that I felt as if I were made of plastic or metal… or perhaps I was wearing some sort of protective space suit and it comprised this aura surrounding my body with soft warmth.

I looked at my forearm, my wrist, and fingers and was amazed that I could move parts of my body, fascinated that without putting conscious effort into it I could move my limbs so freely. I wiggled my fingers and smiled at them. My olfactory senses seemed to cling to that earthy scent that salvia has before smoked, but this effect wasn’t too intense or noticeable. But the glowing feeling and tactile sense of being made of some inorganic material were very salient for a few minutes, and surely this was the by-product of having eaten the shroom caps as well. I was giddy about these hallucinations and even though I failed to articulate them appropriately to Tabitha, I kept trying to describe my sensations. Within minutes that effect had also dissipated and now I felt (mostly) normal again and was enjoying the subtle kaleidoscopic color fractals that come with the usual fungus trip.

While I proceeded to eat ¾ of a 20” Spinelli’s pizza, Tabitha and I discussed this episode of the salvia experience for a while and I remarked that I had a bit of a headache—nothing too uncomfortable but I certainly felt like the capillaries in my brain were markedly engorged. Tabitha expressed a grave concern for anyone who smokes this stuff—especially because any teenager or child could walk into the store we bought it from and go home and choke on his own saliva.2 …Or result in a total king-hell freak out. From my research, it appears that excessive salivating was a condition unique to me, but it really is a good thing that Tabitha was there to sit me upright, and I suspect that the potency of this 20x strength of herb simply zonked my core motor abilities, resulting in total relaxation of all smooth muscle tissue and the subsequent drooling. Fortunately, I didn’t shit myself—which would have made for a better story—but done nothing for my testimony of this stuff.

In the end, the experience was not scary for me—just truly psychedelic. I’d have preferred the second time around to be more palpable/memorable… As a result of the first try, it is certainly interesting to now know what it feels like to have no sense of identity at all (often described as an “ego death”), and to feel what it’s like when your central processing unit is functioning on the most reptilian level. I titled this article The Mindblank Spell because I compare the effect to what the old Dungeons & Dragons spell mindblank might be like.

However, for my sitter, Tabitha, it was a scary, unsavory experience. Mainly, she felt even more terrified the second time around compared to when she saw my pie-eyed expression on the stairs, perhaps because she felt responsible for the fact that she allowed me to do it again and I started with the choking sounds. I should say that I was of completely sound mind when I decided to give it a second try. Sure I’d consumed some beers and a few caps of fungus, but I can operate more or less normally under these circumstances…

Note: Sitter’s experience.

It is true that Carter has a very high tolerance for drugs and their affects and is not at all prone to panic or anxiety as I am. I will say that for me it was awful to see him look so fearful and helpless when I have never seen him like that before. He went to his deck to smoke it and I thought I might as well go ahead and read up on this just in case. There are statements about it not having any affect at all on certain people and given his high tolerance level you can imagine my shock at finding Carter on the bottom two stairs is this state. It looked like he had just had a seizure—his right arm was bent, legs curled up like he had fallen over but he was trying to move but because he had no control over his body he couldn't. He honestly looked like he was dying.

The expression on his face was terror and helplessness so I knew I couldn't let him know from my expression how utterly frightened I was. The thing is I didn't know what to do (hadn't read that far!) or what to expect so I was just holding him up and telling him it would be okay then decided to take him upstairs. He moved but barely, and when we got up to the top of the stairs he laid down. About a half a minute later he jumped up and started asking what just happened and where we were. At this point his control started to come back rapidly and he could have a clear conversation and was happy and excited—no anxiety whatsoever. I think for Carter, with both experiences it only lasted 15 - 20 minutes from start to finish.

The second time, as Carter said, I felt responsible and he was completely out cold, immediately. I checked his pulse and it was steady but when the choking started I freaked and knew I needed to set him upright. He was dead weight and it was really hard to keep him upright. I just kept saying to him that I loved him and it would be okay—this was for me too! Anyway, this experience is not something I would ever try—prone to anxiety as I am—but for Carter it was something he wanted to experience and I am glad that I could be there to help him through it even though it scared the shit out of me!

I am a 21-year-old female who is very athletic and in excellent health. My previous experience with psychedelics includes psilocybin, LSD, ketamine, MDA, DMT, and 5-MeO-DMT, all of which I am moderately to highly experienced with. Other psychedelics that I have experienced once to a few times are AMT, DPT, 5-MeO-DiPT, and mescaline. Over the past couple of years I have been for the most part avoiding tryptamines as I have grown tired of the body load and long tail-end effects. For the past five years I have been fascinated by the psychedelic phenethylamines, but have been cautious about experimenting with them until more information became available. During this period, I have had the opportunity to try 2C-B on several occasions, but always passed it up as the time did not feel “right” for me. The following account is of my first experience with this compound, which occurred a few days ago.

The 2C-B has been carefully weighed on a scale accurate to 1 mg. My fiancé Karl and I are each planning on taking one capsule with 15 mg of 2C-B. This will be my first experience with this compound and Karl’s third.

The setting for the evening is a rented cabin on a body of water far from densely populated areas and far from our home. The scenery is gorgeous, unfortunately the cabin is a little run down, but we both feel very at peace here. Neither of us has eaten for approximately six hours and even though we do not feel hungry our stomachs are for the most part empty. Karl is on no medications and I am on only a low-estrogen birth control pill.

[T+0:00] Feeling a little bit anxious, I wash down my capsule with some water. After swallowing the capsule my anxiety dissipates. There is no turning back now.
[T+0:30] Karl and I are sitting in the cabin listening to some music and I am beginning to feel slightly mentally “weird”, but it is so slight it could be a placebo-like effect.

[T+1:00] Karl and I have re-located to a spot outside where we have a nice view of the water. At this point I can tell that there is definitely a phenethylamine in me. Physically I feel very warm and relaxed with a slight buzzing in my body. Mentally I feel very clear-headed and happy with a small amount of euphoria. The sun is beginning to get low in the sky turning clouds shades of pink, red, and orange.

[T+1:30] I am still feeling mentally and physically excellent, but I have become quite restless. I feel mentally sober except for the fact that details are standing out at me. I look down and analyze every single thread of my sweater. I am hearing undertones that I have never noticed in songs that I listen to often.

[T+2:00] My restlessness has only increased, so Karl and I walk out to the pier and gaze down into the water. So far this has been pleasant but I begin to think if things don’t pick up soon that I am going to be disappointed. It starts getting windy and cold so we start walking back to our cabin. Mentally or visually there is still no indication that I have ingested anything (except for acute awareness to details), but as we are walking back I look at the cabin and see the roof raise up and fold into squares like a sheet of paper. Unbelievable! With LSD and psilocybin I get visual distortions and patterning on things before I have any large-scale hallucinations. But with 2C-B, I got hardly any visual distortions or patterns to accompany large-scale hallucinations! Throughout the night I went from having hallucinations to feeling sober and vice versa many many times.

[T+2:30] Back in the cabin we put on some slow-tempo electronic music, which sounds amazing. I am surprised, as music usually annoys me on most psychedelics. I also find my favorite seat for the night: on the bed in front of the window looking out at the water and the mountains. What is strange is that when we have the lights on nothing is out of place and I feel sober. But when we turn the lights off I start to have incredible visuals. There are some lights across the water that start flashing and turning different colors. Karl tells me that they are actually white lights and that they are not flashing (and I trust him, because his experience leveled out with the body buzz and the acute awareness to details. He had no visuals of any kind). I see the skyline start wavering and watch the mountains rise up higher and higher until the sky is almost not visible. The mountains then drop down to their original height, allowing me to view the clear night sky. The stars begin to spin and streak across the sky and begin to connect to each other with red lines to form a web of stars. These types of visuals progressed for the next 2.5 hours and did not get any more intense than what I have just described.

I also have access to memories and emotions in my past that I am not comfortable with and I can easily push them out of my mind. This experience is controllable, which is good, because at several times I am hit with certain thoughts or ideas that could have escalated into something terrible, but I could simply choose not to continue with them. Time has slowed down immensely. I can’t believe it has only been a few hours as it feels like the whole night has gone by.

[T+4:00] I am beginning to ignore my visuals as I get the urge to talk and think about people and matters in my life. I begin to dissect and analyze things, which end up confusing me. I then start taking components in my life and begin to put them together into one big whole. They start to make a lot more sense to me. The universe feels very small (or maybe it is me that feels so large?) and I feel like I can access anything. One thing about this experience that is beginning to get on my nerves is the lack of description and words I can find for the thoughts I am having. I am making so many connections, but I can’t put them into words, a problem I have never encountered with other psychedelics. Maybe the clear-headedness is causing this difficulty? Or maybe psilocybin, LSD, and DMT are superior at helping one verbalize thoughts and connections?

[T+5:00] The prominent visuals have ceased and I begin to realize how distorted the things around me now look. Karl seems disproportionate: one side of his face looks bigger, as does one of his arms. I look in a mirror and my pupils are doing the strangest thing. They constrict and then pulse and get a little bigger and then pulse and get a little bigger until they are dilated and then they constrict and the process starts over. I am now also very aware of how physically uncomfortable I am. My skin feels sticky and clammy. I am getting a headache and some slight nausea. I try to drink some 7-Up and eat some crackers, but I can barely taste or smell anything. I bump my elbow and feel nothing. I can’t believe how numb my body and senses have suddenly become! The cartilage in my neck keeps cracking when I move my head, but the way it resonates makes it feel like the cracking is happening inside my head, which is a little disturbing. I also did not produce any phlegm or mucus, but I did have a small problem with my sinuses continually popping and creating a rushing air feeling and sound in my ears. These physical side effects were completely absent until now, and I find I can block them out by talking to Karl and being silly. I get the giggles pretty badly and say some pretty nonsensical things for a half hour or so.

[T+6:00] I am feeling tired and lie down in the bed next to Karl. Holy shit it is the most uncomfortable thing I have ever been on. I have slept on floors that were ten times more comfortable than this bed. It also doesn’t help that the sheets are coarse and scratchy and the pillows are hard and lumpy. I still see some patterning, and things still look pretty distorted.

This is when my worst physical side effect began and it was impossible to ignore. I started to get some muscle spasms and tremors, which were annoying as hell and which also contributed to me having some anxiety. When I closed my eyes and tried to ignore them I found I could not keep my legs still. Looking back on this, I am not sure if the cause was physiological or psychological. It is possible that I may have been deficient in magnesium and potassium. But it is also possible that as I became more and more bored and uncomfortable with my surroundings, impatient to get to sleep, and frustrated with the uncomfortable bed, this triggered some moderate anxiety, which caused me to spazz out for a couple hours.

[T+7:00] I am still being bothered with some physical discomfort but I am mostly ignoring it now except for some muscle spasms. At this point, my open-eye visuals consist only of rainbow splotches surrounding things (like water droplets with oil in them). I lie down and close my eyes and decide to try to ride the rest of this out so I can fall asleep. This is my first opportunity to explore the CEVs. They are unlike any I have experienced with any other substance. They are three-dimensional patterns that are grey, black, dull yellow, dull red, dull blue, and dull green (almost like Lego colors and patterns). Some random images also pop into my mind of people I know morphed with insects and other strange creatures.

The day before the trip I avoided all substances that conflict with MAOIs (I also hadn't been drinking heavily or using hard drugs in at least the several weeks leading up to the trip). On the day of the trip I fasted, drinking only water and not even drinking water starting three hours before the trip, in hopes of keeping the anahuasca down. I started drinking the P. harmala at 16:50, and sipped it slowly, taking about 25 minutes to finish it. I sat quietly and cleared my mind after each sip, to try to minimize nausea. It tasted quite bad, but I felt okay as I drank it. During this time I had very light perturbations from baseline, a mild awakening feeling and lightness of mood. I finished at 17:15 and immediately started drinking the M. hostilis. It tasted horrific, like I was drinking pure tannins. I drank the M. hostilis very slowly, meditating and staying still after each sip to avoid nausea, with a vomit bag sitting in front of me. It took me 35 minutes or so to take it all down, and I felt a heavy body load in my stomach and had to stay still, clearing my mind, to avoid vomiting. In the end, though I felt nauseous at several points throughout the experience, I kept the brew down until after I had finished tripping, around 00:30, at which point I vomited violently whatever was left in my body, and with it left the last vestiges of the trip.

Experience:

I started drinking the boiled down extracted MAOI ...it tasted awful...I drank it warm, sipping it slowly...I thought that this must be the vomit agent, since it tasted terrible, but I drank it over the course of 25 minutes, sitting still and meditating a bit to avoid puking...it wasn't too bad to hold down and I finished it at 17:15 and started the distilled jurema...fuck if I thought the MAOI tasted awful, it was nothing compared to the jurema...pure alkaloid/tannin taste...it was very hard to take down...I drank it very slowly, again warm, over the course of 35 minutes or so, finishing at roughly 17:50-18:00...I felt a bit of slow awakening, a slight expansion in consciousness, but very light and pleasant...it was hard keeping the jurema down and I sat quietly for 30-40 minutes, concentrating on letting my body acclimate to the brew and clearing my mind...I almost puked twice, but managed to hold it down...

At this point, 18:30 or so, I started feeling a little more normal, coming down from the initial warmth...I started thinking that nothing was going to happen, when I started to get nauseous again...I went to my bucket, felt a bit like puking, but didn't...after waiting 5 minutes or so until the nausea stabilized, I felt the first wave coming in and put on some music...then a nice, strong acidy trip, with lots of moving geometric patterns when my eyes were closed proceeded for about an hour...I started coming out of it around 19:20, feeling a slight dip as if I were now on the down swing...I felt like it was nice and got up and walked around a bit...about 10-30 minutes later, I'm not sure, I started feeling nauseous again...I went to my puke bag and sat there for a while, until I stabilized...then I felt the warmth of the trip coming back up, and I went to change music as the cd had stopped...it was quite difficult to change cds, but I did...and then...it began...it wasn't even like tripping, it was like madness, like religious ecstasy...

I felt a second consciousness enter my body, something alien...it was in me and dimensions expanded, my closed eye range of vision became 270 or so degrees...I started hallucinating intensely...there was a light behind the flowing geometric patterns over everything...trees grew red fruit which glowed and curled around...buildings melted, the sky changed colors...spatial dimensions started wildly expanding and contracting...I was looking out the window and the window of the house opposite became a mouth that spoke and exploded and screamed DMT and made all sorts of bizarre humming noises...it wanted me to understand its glory and it shattered my ego and left me broken in pieces...my body felt disconnected; I couldn't keep straight where my arms and parts of my head were...I took a blanket and prostrated myself on the ground...the rush was incredible...I felt like I had found my heroin...I prayed..it was pure religious ecstasy, the feeling of something else being inside me, not being alone for the first time...it was absolute, unadulterated madness...awe-inspiring, transcendent, and profoundly disturbing.
